"x"
"Literally my 1am thought as I use a ￡2 Innisfree aloe face mask to soothe my irritated (from the cold) skin and wonder why I didn't just use my aloe vera gel instead "
"I love sheet masks. They might be expensive per use but they are the most affordable kind of luxury."
"The one thing I can’t quiet down within myself, though, is the nagging feeling that I am throwing a cotton sheet or a hydrogel away. It may be biodegradable but it still adds to the garbage for some time. This is the reason I’ve moved to wash off masks. Just sharing."
"My big concern is the plastic packaging the cotton mask comes in."
"This is my primary concern too, although cotton farming is pretty awful too (the pesticide use is off the charts!). "
"I don't want to rely on single use items - especially plastics - in my routine. In my mind, this is far from cruelty-free - the products may not be tested on animals, but those plastics certainly will harm them (and us) in some way. "
"Right, that too. "
"At a guess it probably takes them about 450 years to degrade. That's about what it is for plastic bags. :(  "
"Unless your composting in your backyard, your sheet masks will take forever to degrade too.  Once in the plastic trash bag and in the landfill they don't get enough air/oxygen to degrade properly. "
"Pretty much every mask I've purchased had recyclable packaging. So that's not that bad. "
"I get a 50 pack of plant-based sheet masks that are super cheap per use and come in one large package. http://www.kosecosmeport.co.jp/clearturn/en/antiaging/line01.html"
"Where can you buy these? Didn’t see an option on the website to buy"
"I think I bought these on eBay for about $15, but I don't see them cheaper than $19 right now. I usually wait for a sale when I'm running low."
"Thanks for this! Definitely keeping a lookout for it when I'm back in Asia!"
"I think they are a bit gimmicky since you could probably recreate a similar effect on your own for less money. HOWEVER, to me they are worth the money because they are an excuse to treat myself. They also allow me to say, use a mandelic acid sheet mask without having a whole bottle of it to use up. I can use various ingredients to target specific concerns and mix it up without having 100 bottles on my shelf. "
"I think a lot of it can be enforced relaxation too. When I put on a sheet mask, I can't move around. I'm not going to do house work. I'm not going to bust out the step ladder and reach for the top shelf. I'm going to sit my ass down, wind down. Maybe I'll read a book. Maybe I'll zonk out. For 15 minutes, I'm doing absolutely nothing AND IT'S AWESOME!"
"There is a mandelic acid sheer mask? My life has changed!! Who does these?? I NEED them! <f0><U+009F><U+00A4><U+0097>"
"Naruko makes one! "
"My Beauty Diary has a mandelic acid mask."
"i think my scheming has one"
"I can't remember, I already used them up but they were from Taiwan. "
"Me too!"
"This plus better penetration as you're physically getting product to seep into your skin."
"i don't get it, if I were to apply mandelic acid or any other product directly, it would physically sink in as well. if not, then our entire routine should revolve around sheet masks - sheet mask toner, sheet mask serum, sheet mask moisturizer."
"i think the extra penetration comes from the ingredients they use for the sheet mask formulas."
"Well, then what's the reason not to have penetration enhancers added into the product at the first place? If that's the case, products would come with a separate sheet mask to aid penetration."
"Popular types of penetration enhancers include alcohol<U+2014>which are often misjudged and exiled<U+2014>and propylene glycol. Both are common ingredients in skincare products, toners and serums. While sheet masks can boost hydration due to its hydrating properties, it's unlikely for sheet masks to ""force absorption"" and boost penetration which in turn will boost results. Ofc what we feel isn't always what happens. We often feel our moisturizer is ""sinking in"" even though it contains mineral oil. "
"If sheets masks have such amazing penetration enhancing properties, it might no longer fall in the OTC cosmetics category <U+00AF>\_(ツ)_/<U+00AF> "
"They allow better penetraton via occlusion. The method is also called 'wet wrap therapy'."
"Then that's a physical occlusive, stopping product from evaporating. Not the same as ingredients allowing better penetration. Still does not mean products will not physically sink in when not used with a sheet mask... "
"I’m not sure, I don’t use them anyway lmao"
"They are pretty expensive for single use, but I wouldn't call it a gimmick. It gives an extra boost of hydration because the sheet helps extra product stay moist on your skin for longer. It also just feels super nice and luxurious and they're generally fun to use. "
"I don't use sheet masks every day. I've had months where I've masked almost every day and now for the past two months I've probably done it 4 times in total. Might be my mental and physical health but often I just don't feel like doing a sheet mask and I much prefer doing a wash off mask for 3 minutes because it takes less time but also because if I paid so much money for one product, I'd rather use it longer than 3 minutes and enjoy it longer than 3 minutes. "
"Are sheet masks just a gimmick? In a way. It depends what you expect. Most sheet masks don't have amazing ingredients but if you mask after your serums and your oil your will actually force your skin to absorb better these ingredients and you are using your sheet mask as a tool. This way you can actually use any cheap sheet mask and get great results. Of course, still avoid sheet masks that are full of alcohol but I use Nature Republic's Real Nature line that costs less than $1 with delivery to Europe (because everything is so expensive to be delivered here, dayumm) and I can get super amazing results nevertheless. "
"But let's not forget, sheet mask and wine and favorite TV series is my ultimate treat yo'self time and who doesn't deserve that from time to time! By the way my favorite soothing hydrating cheap sheet mask from the Real Nature line is Olive! <3 And red wines from my region Occitanie in France are some of the best cheap wines (budget 3-5€) you can try! ;) "
"TL;DR: Most of the time for time and money saving reasons I won't use a sheet mask in my routine but everyone deserves to treat their face and souls a sheet mask every once in a while! <3 "
"if you mask after your serums and your oil your will actually force your skin to absorb better these ingredients"
"This is key! I really didn't see major effects from my sheet masks until I started applying them after my rosehip seed oil!"
"Why I like the Dermal sheet masks on amazon. They’re very basic, but cheap, have no alcohol, and serve the purpose I want a sheet mask for which is just moisturizing and helping my other products absorb more. I’ve tried others, but these have been the most gentle, so I can use them every day without issues. "
"I feel like I'm in the minority here but I don't really like face masks. I don't like waiting for the product to absorb into my skin, and then have the heavy residue on my face for an hour plus afterwards. Essences and Serums have been just as effective, and they have a quicker application time, which is nice for someone like me who is blind/useless without their glasses. I honestly haven't used a sheetmask since I've been using essences and serums, and I haven't looked back."
"Same. I like the idea of sheet masks being a relaxing treat, but I rarely have the patience for it since I could get the same hydration from layering Hada labo and better effects from just buying another serum/essence/ampoule/oil. Wash-off masks are the perfect compromise because I can fit them in my routine's dead time, feel pampered, plus I'm getting some legit good results."
"Same here!"
"I just put my glasses on haha, it keeps the mask from sliding down too much"
"I actually think I’m too lazy to mask that often! I love the results from my favorites so I still do it but I have to have a “reason” like an event or to fix an issue. "
"To me, they're like bath bombs. Sure, bubble bath/bath oils do the same thing, and cheaper, but it's a nice small luxury and nice to gift/receive. I don't buy a ton of sheet masks though, unless I am trying out new ingredients to see how they work with my skin type (for example, snail slime). Then buying a sheet mask is cost effective, because I've only spent $1.50 to sample something instead of $15+ for a whole package."
"I was gonna say this too. Of course there are some skin benefits to sheet masking, but mostly it's just a fun treat. Like a bath bomb. Or expensive chocolates. "
"I live in Colorado and it's so dry here, my sheet masks three times a week are the only thing that gets me through winter. Even with my cream and everything else the sheet makes a difference for me!"
"Ditto. Its my first AB winter and this CO weather has made me sheet more frequently and really baby my skin."
"I lived in Colorado for 13 months, almost 20 years ago - you are not kidding! Wish I'd known about occlusives and masks back then."
"Fellow noobie to CO and I already had dry skin before moving here. My poor body :("
"Yeah, I just moved here a year ago. I did NOT do anything for my skin before I moved here and it started flaking like a week after getting here lol I moved here from the east where it is so humid so I never knew how bad dry skin felt hahahahaha"
"They are really good as a booster or pick me up kind of thing. I use the. quite often in the winter time for extra hydration.  "
"I think sheet masks are worth the money but I only buy the Japanese ones packaged in bulk so the cost of my sheet masks per use is comparable to everything else in my routine.  I use it after all my hydrating layers with the Daiso Silicone mask. I think the process helps all my products penetrate into my skin deeper similar to wrap therapy for treating eczema."
"Same, I run through products quickly, and only buy masks on discount, so it all works out to be about the same price."
"What brand do you use?"
"I like the Kose Babyish Line pack of 50. Lululun, Hada Labo, I lean towards the ones made for sensitive skin. I usually buy ones with good reviews and packaged with 30+. Since all my products run out about the same time I buy replacements at the same time so that saves on shipping. For example if I buy the sheet masks linked above by itself, including shipping to the States it would be $22 for a pack of 50 masks. But in my last order I bought 7 products including the masks ( oil cleanser,foam, lotion,spf, etc) and my total came out to $70 which is cheaper than if I bought the same products on Amazon USA. I don't mind that $30 of the $70 is shipping cause I'm buying straight from Amazon and the shipping is tracked and fast (3-5 days) "
"I've never had a sheet mask do anything amazing for me, so I think they're useless because the effects can be replicated by using other stuff. <U+00AF>\(ツ)/<U+00AF> "
"The whole pampering thing that others like is lost on me. I hate the application of sheetmasks in general. Hate putting them on, hate how cold they are, hate waiting around with a thing on my face for 40 mins..."
"I think most of us do 10-20 min instead? That's what is usually recommended on the package anyway. Like, generally, you can leave it for as long as you want with no ill effect, but the only time I go above 20 min is usually when I'm really tired and just feel like laying around, or I lose track of time lol. Otherwise, I got stuff to do"
"Oh, I didn't know that. I just waited for them to dry out! It makes me feel like I'm wasting it if it's not dried haha"
"Oh that sounds miserable lol, especially if you’re using the masks that are totally dripping in essence. Well, I’m definitely not as waste-conscious as a lot of people on here, but I would recommend that you try rubbing the excess essence on different parts of your body rather than waiting for the whole thing to dry out. You can do this with excess essence that’s left in the package too :)"
"I think waiting for them to dry out is actually bad for your skin, something about the cotton starting to draw moisture out from your skin rather than putting it in..."
"That's why they say use for 15 or so mins"
"Hate how oversized they are!"
"You're right OP /u/E1011e, aloe vera gel is way more concentrated than an aloe sheet mask, even though it isn't pure aloe vera. similar to using an actual BHA exfoliant instead of innisfree's BHA sheet mask. i only trust sheet masks to add extra hydration and/or moisture, nothing more. "
"imagine: irl we use a couple drops of toner or essence, but with sheet masks we're applying at least 10ml of essence and leaving it on top of the skin."
"anyway, plumping, hydrating (and sometimes brightening) effects aren't exclusive to sheet masks!"
"same. I said on a previous thread that I'd rather spend money on something that can last for months and has long term skin benefits but I got downvoted lol. Sheet masks don't really do much for me nor do I feel pampered or luxurious when having them on. To each their own. "
"edit: also wanted to add you can make your own sheet mask by soaking cotton masks in certain products (like hydrating toners) which imo are cheaper and more effective"
"You probably got downvoted because the thread was asking about favourite sheet masks, not your thoughts on the concept of sheet masking (as is the topic here). It was akin to you going to a fan page for a favourite sports team and shitting on the team by saying “they’re actually not that great in my opinion and I wouldn’t waste my money to see them play.” "
"People probably thought if you’re not into sheet masking then you didn’t need to comment at all instead of making a comment that could be perceived as critical of those that choose to sheet mask. "
"I've also read that sheet masks require more preservatives than the same essence in a bottle. So sheet masks require more inactive chemicals, more waste (masks and packaging for single use items), more time, and more money. "
"hmm that doesn't make sense. Seems like they would require less as they remain sealed and are a one time use product vs products that are going to be repeatedly exposed to air, light etc."
"I think the extra preservatives are for keeping the sheet itself preserved. I imagine it would require a lot more to preserve a soaked napkin in a package than a solution in a bottle. However that's just what I've read. "
"I find they hydrate, seal in previous products and soothe my skin like nothing else does. I'm trying out Melano CC's 20 to a pack at the moment and I've found it pretty effective for what I need it to do but it's not dripping in serum unfortunately. "
"How are you liking those? I am considering getting a box and wonder whether they are more and/or as effective as the essence by itself. Thanks in advance!"
"My first impression wasn't positive because the sheet masks are pretty thin and there isn't a ton of essence inside. After first use, I noticed reduced redness, my steps had fully absorbed and I didn't have irritation so I was pleasantly surprised. I will be repurchasing it as an everyday sheetmask but it doesn't feel luxurious or anything. "
"Thanks for answering! Do you feel that your face is any brighter, or just reduced redness? And do the results differ from what you would get from just using the Melano CC essence?"
"Definitely reduced redness, sheet masks are the only way for my face to be my normal skin colour as i naturally have redness and this works well for that. In terms of brightness I can't say for sure how brightening it is, as I use a bunch of soothing, brightening ingredients. I have used Melano CC for about a year, I was mostly unhappy with it as I was using it off and on and didn't see immediate/rapid results, however, i've been using it for a few months daily and have definitely noticed reduced redness, and healthier looking skin in general. I'm not sure how the sheet mask can compare since it's not on my skin for as long a time and i'm not sure of its vitamin C concentration. Sorry for the rambly comment, reducing redness generally will make my face look brighter but I couldn't confidently say if it is actually brightening."
"This makes perfect sense! Reduced redness is a great effect to get. I am looking for reduced PIE/PIH, so might stick with just the essence for helping with that. I do love masking though and find that it helps with hydration, so will check into the Melano masks for everyday masking."
"Nothing has plumped my skin and given it That Glow as well as frequent sheet masking does. "
"That said, I'm developing the habit of dropping a compressed mask into the package to soak up leftover essence for the next day, and experimenting with using cotton squares soaked in simple DIY solutions instead of packaged masks. Chamomile tea with honey has been particularly promising."
"+1 for That Glow, I (or rather my friends) noticed the same thing if I sheetmask every day."
"I just ordered a set of compressed masks, and I am SO excited! I hate throwing away extra essence, but covering my body with it makes me feel like a slimy swamp monster. I already lotion myself up after I shower, adding extra layers is toooo much."
"I haven’t used them specifically to soothe irritated skin, and I would think that sheet masks don’t have the lock on ingredients and formulas to address that. On the other hand, I echo the other commenters on it being one of the most helpful things for dehydration when creams just can’t handle it on their own. "
"I generally go for the cheapest possible sheet masks when I do need them. I’m paying mostly for the mechanism and the convenience to not soak paper towels in some thin lotion and arrange it on my face, rather than the essence itself."
"They are good as an intensive measure in case of bad irritation. Personally, when I have a sunburn, nothing feels as good as a nice aloe mask, not even aloe gel itself."
"But I'm probably the worst person to ask because I have way too many sheet masks, myself. They just keep piling up because when I see a deal I gotta take it, and sheet masks happen to go on sale a lot... and it feels like as soon as I developed this ridiculous stash, I stopped wanting to use them all the time lol. Oh well."
"That sounds like me. I actually went through my inventory of masks and set aside masks that I either won't use or don't want multiples of for my friends to look through. They've recently become sheetmask fans... Kind of my fault."
"I've become more selective in which types of masks I buy. If it's anything related to moisturizing, soothing, or sebum control, I'm there for it. I haven't come across a firming mask that hasn't done anything more than make my skin smell nice."
"To answer the question about it being a gimmick: it certainly can be. (See those masks with the animal faces on them, or the ones with Kpop stars on the package.) But I think they can also have their practical uses. (I don't think I'll ever fly without a sheetmask again - great way to pamper yourself mid-flight while keeping your skin moist. Just ignore the stares!)"
"That sounds like a good idea actually, setting the duds aside for others to try! I should do something like that. I think part of my problem is even if I feel like sheet masking, these days I'll look at my huge box of them all together and not even want to bother choosing one lmao"
"I totally relate to that! It's gotten to a point where I ask my boyfriend to help me choose. I'll decide what my skin issue is for that night (dry skin, acne), pick 3-4 masks that relate to that issue, then have him assign a number to each mask. Whichever number I pick, that's my mask for the evening."
"What are your recs for sebum control masks? I've been working through a my beauty diary multi pack, but haven't noticed anything besides hydration from any of them and would love to find some that do double duty."
"Honestly? I like Creme Shop's charcoal masks. I feel they always leave my skin feeling a lot less oily. They smell nice, too. The downside is that they often have eye flaps, and those bother me. The Creme Shop Egg mask is decent, too."
"Recently, I bought a Mediheal Pore Stamping Mask. I liked it, but only bought one, since it was my first time trying it. Per the packaging, it's recommended you use it 2-3 times a week, consecutively, to see marked results. I don't know how true that is, but oops."
"depends...for me they dont have the ""relaxation"" effect (i really dont experience that and its a nuisance for me..I use the slicone cover so that I can do stuff while wearing it) but are really good for hydration. my skn is dehydrated and while i do pile up hydrating toners etc, nothing will boost the hydration like a solid hour under a sheetmask (/w cover, that's imporant) - it makes my skin much much better.. like, for me the difference is huge enough that I'm actually considering daily masking"
"They work really well for my skin so I wouldn't say they're a gimmick. I am too lazy to use them frequently though but my skin always feels so hydrated after."
"I just got 16 of em on Amazon for $9, or 56 cents each. I probably wouldn't pay more than that. "
"Link please?"
"https://www.amazon.com/Dermal-Korea-Collagen-Essence-Facial/dp/B00BAM7F8C"
"Oh yeah, I've used Dermal! I didn't know they were that cheap though, last time I checked they were about the same as my favorite Etude House ones @ $1/mask."
"They are if you invest in good ones, because they give prolonged treatment and have things in them to help them penetrate your skin better. If you look up the prices on some serums that always come in tiny bottles vs the mask serum, it can also be a bit of an eye - opener. "
"Personally I find sheet masks so much more effective than serums and essences on my skin.
No matter what condition my skin is, after any sheet mask session of 20mins, my skin feels and looks different. This effect has not been seen (as obvious) with me just using skincare products. This is also probably because I have dehydrated and dull skin. Any extra boost of moisture instantly brightens and quenches my skin."
"They saved my ass one time I experienced severe dry patches on my face. But I agree they are a bit gimmicky, I think of them as a luxury treat to my skin."
"I have tried a bunch and there is only one I think is worth the money. Some of the ones that get lauded around here were about as effective as putting gelatin on my face. "
"And which one is that, if you don't mind sharing?"
"Donkey Milk! "
"I see, thank you. Which brand? Just tried one kind."
"They have been worth the money for me this summer. My very oily skin suddenly turned very dehydrated due to upping tretinoin, a colder and drier winter than usual, and exposure to chlorine. Sheet masks have absolutely helped heal my dehydration, along with other things of course. I use other products too but the sheet masks have made a difference. "
"The ones that have made the most difference for me are the Etude House hyaluronic acid ones and their snail ones. "
"They are definitely more expensive but every now and then I buy a bunch and use them for a month or so. I get the dr.jart ceremidin mask and take the extra serum in the package and dispense it in a small dropper bottle and I still have enough to use for  2-3 days depending on the package. "
"amazon sells silicone ""sheet masks"" that you can reuse!  put aloe on your face then lock it in with the reusable mask & it's basically the same thing.  most cost efficient and cuts down on waste!"
"I think they are worth the money. Fiddy says it well:"
"https://fiftyshadesofsnail.com/2016/12/05/reader-questions-why-i-use-sheet-masks-after-serums/"
"I sheet mask nearly daily and while it's a little on the expensive side, I haven't found a toner/serum/essence that locks down as much hydration as a sheet mask. And if I skip a sheet mask the night before, I definitely feel a difference the next day."
"I only use cheaper tea tree oil ones when i have a bad breakout. Works fine each time. "
"As someone who never got into face masks...."
"Having different sheet masks with different ingredients that you don't use often is a great idea, and probably the best way to use sheet masks. However, lets say instead of buying 10 hydrating sheet masks, you buy one good quality mask and a bottle of lotion, you can make your own. You wouldn't have to deal with product being trapped in the wrapping, it wouldn't cost nearly as much money, and you have more product to use! "
"I'm not 100% sure on the most sanitary way to do it, but I imagine keeping one small bottle of product beside the main one would be the best. The small bottle is used to wet sheet masks and squeeze extra product into after you're done, just make sure you use all the product in the small bottle in a few days."
"Depends on the mask for me. Jolse keeps giving me free samples of a sheet mask that does nothing for me. On the other hand, Etude House Therapy Air Mask with Manuka Honey is a saving grace for my extremely dry winter skin. No essence that I own leaves me feeling as hydrated and plump as that mask. "
"I'll have to try this one. I love Etude House sheet masks. "
"I haven't found an essence I love yet, so sheet masks often wind up taking that spot in my routine when I need a little extra boost of soothing/brightening/hydrating/whatever"
"Hi! I’ve been using Derma sheet masks form amazon :) they are $10 for 16 masks on amazon."
"They are my first masks ever, but I do see my skin looking more healthy over time and they are all different. Thought maybe you’d wanna check it out due to the price "
"I've actually gotten better results from a cream mask.  You either apply it and keep it on, or apply and either wipe off the excess or wash off the mask with just water after 20 min or so.  "
"The difference is the cost between the cream mask and the sheet mask.  I save the cream mask for after a huge exfoliation day, which is about every two weeks. "
"Which cream masks have you tried? I’m keen to find one that works for my dehydrated skin!"
"Sisley, La Mer and Avene.  Avene mask will be the cheapest one.  "
"Although Masque Givre by Sisley is expensive, you don't need a lot of product from the tube and the tube I bought a year ago I still have and use. "
"Thank you! I’ll do some research x"
"I use a mask once a week as a sort of wind down ritual at the end of a long week. Most masks I use are either gifts, free samples or relatively cheap like the Etude House ones. But for roughly $3 a sheet you bet I'm getting all I can get out of it! I like to snip the corner of the packet and squeeze out the huge amount of essence in there that normally spills out when you tear the package, drips from the drenched mask or lo and behold... thrown out. Depending on the sheet mask I can fill over half a 20ml bottle full of essence that probably would've spilled and use it the following days after! I'll agree that they're not an essential part of skincare but it's an affordable luxury. I wouldn't splurge on masks since I really think it just gives you that boost of hydration and most are quite affordable in packs anyway. Are they gimmicky? The ones that are like lace and whatnot, yet probably, but for the most part they do what they intend to do so I wouldn't say so. Are they worth the money? For me personally yeah, definitely considering how far I can stretch out the mask and essence over a few days"
"I absolutely love sheet masks. I used one this morning that radically improved the look of my skin for the entire day (so far). I think they're totally worth it."
"To me, they are worth it. I live in Wyoming where is constantly super dry, and winters, with the cold and wind, are the WORST. If I don't use a sheet mask at least a couple times a week, despite having a good moisturizing routine and products, my face feels like the desert by noon."
"To me they are worth it because I view it as pampering myself. I only sheet mask 1-2 times a week and try to stock up when they are on BOGO sale. Once in awhile I'll treat myself to one of my gold hydrogel masks."
"I found a 10-pack on Amazon for $7. I use them once a week so for me $1/week is worth it for a little mid-week treat. They also calm inflammation for me. If I have any zits, by the time I take off the mask they are generally no longer red. I probably wouldn't pay any more than $1/mask for a pack, but every once in a while I might treat myself to a more expensive one to relish in the luxury of overpriced skincare. It's my version of a spa treatment lolol"
"Im... kinda a sheet mask junkie hahaha
I love them. I feel like I see instant results and thats a pretty good deal to me since a real facial at a salon can be loads of money.
Ive found that a little cheaper alternative to buy individual masks, is to get a pack of the dry masks and soak them yourself with existing essences/serums/whatever. Theyre like DIY masks and you can get them hella cheap. And then just use your own existing products.
Although as Im saying that Im recalling my giant stash of masks at home. I have the DIY ones but... I also have plenty of the premade ones too ;) I dont mind treating myself. I look for deals."
"They are so worth it! Especially if you have acne/inflammation and dehydrated skin. Every time I use a sheet mask, my face would be really plump, hydrated, and glowingly white. All the inflammation would tone down a lot. My faves are leaders mask for acne. I like most hydration/whitening masks as long as they don’t contain alcohol. "
"Like I enjoy a sheet mask occasionally but just for that surge of moisture or soothing. but i find it hard to buy them because i could buy a full sized product instead."
"I think most sheet masks are gimmicky because alot of them contain a large amount of alcohol and fillers such as acrylic acid and fragrance( I'm not completely against fragrance and fillers but it shouldn't be in higher quantities then the beneficial skincare ingredients) , I typically make my own by buying plain sheet masks in bulk for example these : https://www.amazon.com/gp/aw/d/B00YD8IGIS/ref=sxbs_sxwds-stvp_2_a_it?ie=UTF8&qid=1519502403&sr=2
 Then putting them into a Ziploc bag with a large amount of a low viscoity product like the Hada labo lotion or scinic ampoules. Then I just leave them in the fridge for whenever I want to use it. Typically to make a batch of 100 costs 35 dollars which makes it 35 cents per use"
"I’m going shopping!"
"I sheet mask nearly daily so here goes:"
"Mamonde: especially the hibiscus, narcissus, magnolia, and rose;"
"Leaders: aquaringer, melatox;"
"Mediheal: vita lightbeam, NMF aquaring, whp; "
"Papa Recipe: the regular bombee masks and also the whitening ones;"
"SNP birds nest;"
"MBD: black pearl, imperial birds nest, squalene;"
"Lovemore pearl barley & milk;"
"Jayjun: rose blossom;"
"Etude house: ceramide, honey;"
"I'm going to second the Etude House Ceramide and Manuka Honey, as well as add the tea tree.  Those three are my favs."
"I've never tried the tea tree! Just bought a strawberry one, can't wait to try that!"
"Hyaluronic acid and Ceramide for me, so I really have to try Manuka honey :) They’re the first sheet masks I’ve noticed any type of difference from, rather than just some hydration. My HG sheet masks, thank god they’re so cheap!"
"I just bought my first pack of MBD Imperial Bird's Nest based on the positive reviews from so many on this sub. My skin is still noticeably plump and soft three days later! This is the second mask I've used, for some reason the first try didn't give these results. . . "
"I was told that the imperial birds nest (2016/2017) reformulation contains isopropyl palmitate, which is a potential acne trigger. I liked the pre-reformulated ones, but I'm scared to try the current version. "
"Indeed, broke me out badly :( although I'm not sure if it was reformulated or if it's just different versions, some MBD masks come in small and some in larger packages."
"I know the black pearl doesn't contain isopropyl palmitate! Thank goodness, because I really like that one. Such a shame on the imperial bird's nest though "
"Yes, I have one of those at home! Really curious how I'll like it, I've used one like a year ago, but my skin was in worse condition and I could barely tell what each product did for my skin."
"How would you rate leaders, mbd, and mediheal? "
"I’ve only tried leaders and tony moly and I’m absolutly in love with leaders so I was wondering if the other two brands are worth getting. "
"I find leaders and mediheal to be similar, so get whatever's on sale <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0085> MBD is nice, but it's more watery lotion-type essence compared to the thicker serum-type essence in leaders and mediheal. MBD tends to be more drippy, but also less sticky than leaders and mediheal."
"Lol I kind of went overboard and got 40 of the leaders masks cause they were on sale. I ended up paying $44 for it all so I just couldn’t resist <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0085>. There was the same deal on the mediheal for the same amount of masks so I was wondering if I should get that next time. Thanks for taking mdd out of the race for me though :) I think I will try mediheal next time. "
"That's crazy cheap!!! Were they of the same variety? I like using different masks so I will get so bored with 40 of the same mask very quickly haha"
"Same, I don’t think I can commit to 40 masks of the same thing either. They were in boxes of ten. I got cranberry, melon, blueberry, and Himalayan pore something so not a crazy variety but not monotonous either. So far melon has got to be my favorite. "
"I've never seen those variants you mentioned where I'm from (Singapore, btw), and I've never seen those coconut gel ones that seem to be mentioned here quite a bit. But we've got leaders insolution, step solution, mediu etc etc and it's a little confusing because they all seem to do the same thing but are marketed under different lines "
"Honestly for me all masks just hydrate and if it’s a really good mask, gives me a slight glow. No pore tightening or mattifying or whatever else it’ll claim. I ones I use are part of the seven wonders line and I got them off masksheet . Com. I’m pretty sure they do int shipping but idk if the shipping fees will make it worth it "
"the melon and cranberry are great in winter, the blueberry and broccoli ones are amazing for summer or breakouts!"
"I second that! I love the broccoli too! Sadly it was out of stock when I went to buy the masks "
"Where did you find them so cheap?! Let me know!"
"Masksheets.com. Free shipping over 40 the us and no taxes. Right now they have some leaders masks on sale 30 for 35 dollars and sometimes they have boxes of ten for 10 dollars if you dont want to commit to that many masks from the same brand. "
"Just FYI keep a lookout on the expiration date. The masks I bought all expire by 2018 February but lol since I mask twice a week and gave some to my mom I’ll have used them all by then. "
"Thank you!! "
"Oh thank you so much! I will check them out. "
"I like your taste. I’m going to save your comment for easy referencing on recommendations for the next time I’m at my local store :) "
"Aww thanks! I'm glad you found it useful!"
"My favorite so far is the tony moly seaweed mask, i also like the tea tree tony moly masks. I like innisfree but have yet to try any of these, I have used most of my 30 pack of derma masks, some of these were good, but overall I would probably not repurchase any of the set. The pack of 32 ""Elisa"" rose masks are nice, My mother brought them back to me from Japan so I don't know much about them but I do like them. I love the face food yogurt masks, the strawberry one is my favorite but I don't have any left! The ""24k gold"" lip mask I feel like do nothing, I struggle to make myself use these actually. I haven't tried the peach, banana, caviar, or juice cleanse ones yet. "
"I tried using a TonyMoly tea tree mask for the first time tonight and it smelled like straight up tequila, and I couldn't bring myself to put it on my face. Maybe I got a bad one?"
"I feel like all the reviews I’ve seen about them are about how horrid they are. OP’s review has actually been the first positive one I’ve seen. "
"However, I’ve never tried them myself...because of the poor reviews lol "
"There are some of Tonymolys masks that I actually really like. The tea tree and other more calming ones really do well for my skin. I stay far away from the thicker serum masks though."
"Hmm I didn't notice a tequila smell, although I love tequila so maybe it just appealed to me lol. I have only used the mask once when I was having a particularly bad hormonal cystic acne breakout on my chin, after using the mask the redness was reduced and my chin seemed calmed down. The instant results are why I liked it. "
"Probably from the alcohol content in the essence <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0095>"
"Tosowoong! It comes with extra essence, and seriously makes my skin feel like silk. Plus it’s dermatologically tested and produced in a lab I believe. "
"They’ve got a 3-facet approach to sheet masks: iirc all their masks have whitening, anti-aging and something else effects I can’t rmb lol"
"I’m using the tosowoong propolis mask right now, thanks to the recommendation of others on this sub! "
"I love love love the green tea, snail and sea water ones. I find the blueberry ones a bit too fragrant for my taste! "
"Oh I really want to try these too! Maybe skip the blueberry as berry masks generally smell too sweet for me."
"The snail one is pretty good too! "
"""extra"" essence is an understatement. It comes with enough to cover my hands/arms, several layers on my face, and whatever skin happens to be exposed when I'm throwing out the package. I love it so much!"
"It’s enough to flood a house tbh"
"The derma masks had such a strong perfume scent to me I never want to buy those again! "
"I'm really loving mediheal masks lately! The tea tree one is my favorite. "
"You can get Mediheal Tea Tree masks on Amazon, I think it's a pack of 10 for around $10, I LOVE them. "
"Yeah, I love the derma ones for the price, but to me the sheet masks seem very scratchy and too thick. "
"I tried the Derma masks (because of price + Prime shipping) and I'll use them up but won't repurchase. They fit my face worse than any other sheet mask I've tried :/ "
"My fav is Tonymoly Avocado mask simply because its the most amazing shit ive ever smelled in my history of AB"
"I prefer the Japanese ones in the big packs. Right now I'm using the sana nameraka ones. I love them."
"Same, I sheet mask daily so I prefer the convenience and that it's slightly more eco-friendly. I'm currently using the Lululun White Precious. "
"I’ve been wanting to try some of these big packs for the eco- friendly aspects but haven’t heard much feedback about them so am hesitant to purchase. How do they compare to single packaged masks?"
"They produce a LOT less trash than the single serving masks. If you mask nightly, you're throwing away 30+ wrappers. With these it's just one. My only complaint is that I tend to lose interest after day 5 or so hahaha. I think the best ones I've tried were the hada Labo ones in the pink bag. "
"Nice, thanks for the recommendation! That sounds great. I mask anywhere from probably 1-5 times per week and that would make me feel way less guilty. I’ll have to look for those hada labo ones!"
"I haven't tried it yet but I was looking into Terracycle for recycling empties/sheet mask packaging. It's a little pricey but even the small box is pretty big so I think it would last a long time. "
"EDIT: I do think it's only available in the US though."
"https://www.terracycle.com/en-US/zero_waste_boxes/personal-care-accessories"
"Oh wow I never heard of that before, that’s really cool! I’m definitely going to look into that!"
"I think I saw someone post about it on this sub somewhere!"
"The TCFS Egg Cream Mask, hands down. Really made my skin supple and brightened, and its effects lasted!"
"Thank you! "
"Do people use lush face masks? It’s not really AB but how would you guys rate them? "
"Their fresh face masks are wonderful but expensive and expire fast. Needs to be stored in the fridge etc. I'm actually allergic to rosy cheeks (the rose one) so I guess it's a hit or miss. "
"I like the Catastrophe cosmetic one (blueberry, camomile, kalamine) calms roscea and soothes. "
"Also Oatfix (banana, almond grounds and oatmeal) is exfoliating & superb for dry skin. "
"BB seaweed (seaweed, ground almonds, honey, olive oil, aloe vera gel) is an amazing physical exfoliator for sensitive skin. "
"Out of their normal range Cup O Coffee (ground coffe, agave, kaolin) is a great scrub, wakes you up and makes your skin tighter. "
"Mask of Magnaminty (peppermint oil, kaolin, evening primrose seeds) is great for both dry and oily skin, outbreaks and preventing outbreaks. "
"Catastrophe cosmetic and mask of magnaminty are two of my HGs for calming down acne and clearing up my face. They seriously work. "
"edit: but like everyone else says they do expire quickly, the catastrophe cosmetic one is way quicker to go than magnaminty. "
"Mask of magnaminty comes in a self-preserving version that lasts longer and doesn't have to be refrigerated! As a bonus, it has extra honey, which fights acne"
"The rose one is great for allergies and soothing breakouts :) "
"I've not tried them but definitely would! "
"I love lush masks!!! I like rosy cheeks and  catastrophe cosmetic. They are made w/ natural ingredients tho so they do have a fairly quick expiration date. (If I recall about 1-2 months) "
"I looooove sheet masking too - my faves include : innisfree Shea butter (obsessed with the smell and milky essence), innisfree rose (soothing AF), oozoo bear aurora illuminating mask (instant glowy results), wonjin effect withbee honey bomb mask (incredibly moisturizing and hydrating), &  Leaders Insolution Illuminating Treatment Mask (tons of extra sauce, great ingredients - nice everyday mask) "
"MBD: Imperial Bird's Nest, Black Pearl"
"JayJun: Purple Fragrance, Rose Blossom"
"MediHeal: Aquaringer, PDF AC Dressing"
"Etude House: Honey (the rest all seem to break me out)"
"Innisfree: Acai, Blackberry, Kiwi, Strawberry, Green Tea, Pomegranate, Lemon, Lime"
"Nature Republic: Real Nature Hydrogel"
"Sexylook: Intensive Acne Black Cotton Mask, Limited Edition Soothing Hydrating Mask"
"Tony Moly: Makgeolli mask (this one burned a little but my skin looked brighter after use. Also smelled quite alcoholic.)"
"COSRX: Holy Moly Snail Mask"
"I love trying them too! So far, my faves have been:"
"I did an Innisfree one on Sunday and it was ok. It was the Rice one. "
"Thank you! I have been so interested in the mediheal ones, I think I will grab one now! "
"have you tried the dr. jart porecting solution masks? i impulse bought a box last time i got the clearing solution (which are my favorites), and i still haven't tried them yet"
"Nope! But I’d love to! Where did you get them from? 
I quite like the Clear Solution as well! "
"i got them from roseroseshop the last time i did an order from them, so honestly i've had them for a while. i should just try one, but i'm always wary of new sheet masks."
"I’ve tried a few higher end masks but my fav is still Daiso’s Royal Jelly! My (dry) skin soaks it right up and I have a hydration boost for days. Inexpensive and feels/smells wonderful."
"Of all the masks I've tried none have felt as satisfying as the daiso ones. I got the snail version so idk if it's different than the one u mentioned, but the mask itself is such a soft sheet and the essence is so gooey and almost buttery in a way and I can't get enough. "
"Plus u get three for about $1.50 US and it's the best value I've encountered for a mask so far!"
"Love that one too! You just can't beat $1.50 for such great masks. I need to stock up on them again! :) "
"I love collagen masks so I use mediheal collagen mask and Etude House for the cheaper option. I also like the Tony Moly I'm real masks because there's so much variety. Japanese brands have masks that have little hooks that go over your ears so it stays on your face easier and also a piece that goes over some of your neck for moisture!! I like that Lululun has a large box of 32 masks ($25) that are more ergonomic"
"Do you have a favourite amongst the Lululun? I just purchased a 7-piece pack in the white packaging to try! I don't think I will get the 32 piece as I don't use them often enough and am worried they may dry out! "
"They don't easily dry out because they're made for monthly use. Like most things from Japan you can expect it to be pretty efficient at its job.<f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0081> However,  I'm a little paranoid so I put the box in a sealed gallon Ziploc when I store it in the fridge. As for the different types, when you buy these packs they're meant to be used daily. So I usually go for moisture and save the fancy kinds for once a week. The pink is the most basic of their masks and is supposed to contain the equivalent of 4 bottles of serum in a box. This may be your choice if you have really oily or troubled skin. The white box is whitening, although I prefer the precious white antiaging (gold and white box) to get two of those things done at once <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0080> I use the blue/purple box the most: deep moisture. I don't have super dry skin, it's combo, but I find that my skin does really well at not producing oil when I moisturize the shit out of it! And PSA the US site is having a black Friday sale currently!"
"Ziploc bags are so handy aren’t they? And yes, I was also eyeing the white anti-aging :p Thanks for the review of the deep moisture, I also have combi skin and it wouldn’t be something I normally pick immediately!"
"I love Pure Smile masks. Well, maybe not all of them, but the ones I like I feel like are actually effective for the price point ($1~$1.75). The Milk Essence and Aloe ones are my favorite for combating dryness from weather change. I've tried a lot of other masks that either cost the same or $.50-$1 more don't really do anything."
"The slightly more expensive one I like is Minon! It makes my face very moisturized and bright for a few days."
"Glad that someone mentioned Minon! I recently started using their moist charge milk after reading some comments on Reddit and finding it at a newly opened Japanese drugstore. I may try the mask next!"
"These were at my local grocer, Mitsuwa - and were my total gateway into AB <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0082>"
"I  sheet mask 5/6 days a week."
"Skin favorites since the colder weather hit:
♣ Etude House Air Therapy in Ceramide
♣ Holika Holika Skin Rescuer Mask Sheet Madecassoside - SO 
        CALMING"
"Summer favorites:
♣ Mizon Vital-Up Time Anti-Wrinkle Mask (snail/niacinamide)
♣ Tosowoong Snail Essence Facial Mask Sheet"
"these I consider a bit more special occasion/pampering due to the thicker essence/serum, price and dry down time."
"♣ LJH Vita Propolis Nutri Mask - BRIGHTENING
♣ Naruko Snail Essence Intense Hydra Repair Mask - SUPER snail 
        magic"
"What do you think of the mizon brand? I’m new to sheet masks and I just ordered a box of 10 mizon masks. "
"great for daily. i've only tried that one variety so I don't have much input on the other types. the fabric mask is very soft, and has a clear (not milky) serum dripping in essence. I've dropped a few of these slimy guys while taking them out of the pack. I found that its great for a brightening and hydration boost. i'm definitely going to eventually pick up other boxes, perhaps the variety pack, since i can usually find a box for under $11/12. :) slightly floral in scent, but my sensitive skin has not reacted."
"Perfect, thank you. My box arrived today and I’m so excited to try them out. I got a box for around AUD $16 so I’ll really happy with the price "
"Thank you for sharing! I can't wait to try these!"
"My fav masks are from Etude house, especially the Vita Brightening Shot and Vita Hydrating Shot- There's a lot of pollution where I live so I love wearing sheet masks daily. 
PS- Unrelated, but are those 6 bottles serums? if they are, how do you rotate them and what works best? sorry it's not post related haha"
"lol that's fine! It is TO 30% aha 2 % bha peeling solution which I use on Sunday, next is TO 2% granactive retinoid I use it Wednesday and Friday, next is rosehip oil which I use daily, next is TO hyaluronic 2% + B5 I use this on Sunday, Wednesday, and Friday, then is pure hemp seed oil I use this as a serum daily, and last is blanc naturals vitamin c serum I use this on Monday, Tuesday, Thursday, and Saturday. What is best, I love hemp seed oil, I feel like it gives my skin a boost of nutrients, but isn't moisturizing enough by itself so I add rosehip oil which keeps it from getting dry all day. I also really like the granactive retinoid, I've only been using it a month but It has already improved my acne scarring, if it keeps working well it may become my favorite! And thank you for recommendations! I will look at those, I've seen the vita-shot and have been curious about them. "
"thanks for the in depth reply! ohhh granactive retinoid sounds interesting, I'll definitely check it out- I'm currently using Collistar glycolic acid serum and sephora renew and peel super serum for acne scarring, and they work ok- but I'm always looking for better ones- I haven't found my HG serum yet"
"Ooo may I ask which granactive retinoid you are using? Emulsion or squalane?"
"I am using the 2% granactive retinoid in sqalane, this is the first retinoid I have tried but so far I've had only good results. "
"Good to know.. I've been eyeing that for a while.. Thanks! "
"When it comes to sheet masking, I'm going for consistency over quality atm...at least until I get a new job! Having a sheet mask as part of my nightly routine makes job hunting a bit easier haha."
"I love the face shop ginseng mask more than any other mask. I just keep going back to it. Instantly brightens up tired skin. 
CNP are slightly more expensive but really soothing especially for allergic reactions. 
And the Japanese brand Lululun are great too. Especially the lemongrass ones. "
"Thank you!"
"My favourite are the Naruko masks (Snail and Narcissus especially) as they are very hydrating and value for money! The masks fit my face as I have a higher forehead and they don't fall off when I go about my night-time chores. Innisfree It's Real tea tree and bija are my go-to when I have breakouts but still require hydration, and take only 15mins. SK-II is great when my skin looks dull and tired, but is rather pricey and I reserve it for special occasions!
I have tried mostly Taiwanese brands, e.g. Dr. Wu, FBO, MBD, Lovemore, Scheming, Dr Morita, and only the occasional Korean brand (SNP, Leaders). I do want to try the Tosowoong propolis and Papa Recipe honey next, after reading about everyone's faves!"
"I know I have a long list of ones I want to go get now lol. Thank you for sharing! I have mostly tried Korean brands so far and I am going to get my hands on some of the Taiwanese masks to try since I've heard so many great things. "
"i've tried a lot of masks but the only 2 brands that consistently don't irritate my skin are Leaders and Mediheal"
"Leaders:  AC Dressing, Aloe,  superfood coconut hydrogels "
"MediHeal: i.p.i lightmax ampoule"
"cheaper option:
My Scheming: Sakura Lightening"
"Thank you! "
"innisfree it’s real rice mask. nothing special, for me it’s like the vanilla flavour of sheet masks, basic but good. very moisturizing, soothing and i do feel like my skin is a lot brighter as well. also good for calming some minor redness. i like how it has more of a creamy/lotion-y type essence, plenty of it too! i keep at least 10 of these on hand and constantly repurchase them. have not tried the new “my real squeeze” version, but as far as i know the consistency has not changed and no major changes in de ingredients list either. "
"All of Sulwhasoo's sheet mask
The most expensive is the Sulwhasoo Concentrated Ginseng renewing creamy mask it's the perfect mask for those days when my skin is on the edge of breaking ( 3 hrs of sleep, half a glass of water and always in an air conditioner) pricey but worth it.
I also LOVE their First Care Activating Mask, perfect for weeekly maintenance and gives me that lit from within glow that no other product could give me.
The Snowise mask is so amazing because after a box there is some NOTICEABLE PERMANENT brightening effect, perfect as an after sun repair mask."
"Then Blithe's abalone mask, Huxley oil mask, innisfree second skin mask, innisfree real squeeze mask, laneige water bank gel mask, Lancome Advanced Genifique Mask, Estee Lauder ANR Powerfoil mask, My Beauty Diary Cactus Mask, Su:m37 Losec Night Gold Mask, O Hui Extreme White 3D Black Mask (totally a perfect dupe for Tresor Rare's $5000 Binchotan Zumi mask), Mediheal N.M.F and I.P.I masks, and Etude House's I need you Korean Ginseng masks"
"Wow thank you! I will be looking for these. "
"I second the Blithe mask! Most hydrating mask I've tried. I also can't wait to try the Sea Cucumber version!"
"Blithe is my go to for long haul flights :)))) Never tried rhe Sea Cucumber lol"
"I love using clay mask beside the sheet mask! The Innisfree's Jeju volcanic pore clay mask is one of my favourites!"
"OMG... Ok, I can SO JUMP IN HERE! I just got my shipment of my sheet masks and AB products haul today and I still have more on the way! I've been stocking up on sheet masks and the ones that I've been having GREAT results with, and by great results, something that my skin actually absorbs and doesnt leave a thick, tacky layer on my skin for 1+ hour.  Masks that have made my RE-BUY list:"
"Some of the ones you have I got today that I am looking forward to trying. The DERMA ones, I like the Pomegranate one and the Milk one!"
"Thanks so much! I have actually had the skinfood green tea mask and love it as well! A couple of my favorite ones from DERMA were the aloe, and ginseng. I liked the DERMA, they were cost effective for how many I received and were good, just not enough of them wowed me to want to repurchase, at this time anyways. "
"I just got in a lil tub of Natural Republic Aloe and am so sad that there is alcohol in it :/  Ive been really sad to see that something I want to try has alcohol in it, even some sheet masks. 
I need to take my time when purchasing sheet masks and look at the ingredients >.<"
"I am the same, I am very thorough with ingredients in my products, but with sheet mask I never even think to check I just pick up whatever pretty packaging sparks a fire inside me. Whoops! "
"My favourite mask is Cremorlab Herb Tea Pure Calming Mask. It's really soaked in essence and it fits my face size without having to cut it (my face is small so usually overly huge masks are a problem). The essence overload does mean that I end up with a slightly sticky face though."
"I'm currently going through my 10-pcs pack of Klairs Rich Moist Soothing Sheet Mask and I'm finding it to be a cheaper alternative to Cremorlab. The difference is it doesn't fit my face as well and it's not as loaded with essence. I've also tried the Innisfree's Green Tea It's Real Squeeze Mask, and while I like the scent and it doesn't break me out, I don't think I'll be buying it again."
"MBD apple polyphenol mask! It hydrates and brightens my face, and it did not cause break outs (some innisfree, tonymoly and tosowoong mask broke me out but that's just me and YMMV), I also like the hylauronic acid one. BUT I can never find the apple polyphenol mask anymore, i wonder if it is discontinued..."
"I went on a hunt.  The US target stocks them online, if you are able to order from them."
"Thank you so much for your help, really appreciate it :). I just checked, it does not qualify for intl shipping T_T, I remember seeing them on yesstyle before but its now gone as well. "
"I really like Dermal sheet masks, but my main skin concern is dryness, so that’s primarily what I judge on and they do the trick. I use them or MBD masks basically every night and they make my skin very happy "
"Thank you! I will have to get my hands on the MBD ones they seem to be a popular favorite. (: "
"I love MBD masks, I have yet to try them all but so far I have tried the black pearl, damask rose and the hyaluronic acid."
"I liked Tony Moly I'm real mask (Lemon, Avocado and Rice are among my favorites)"
"but I hated Tony Moly Pureness masks - the masks are made out of real cotton, so the smell is not so intense (personally I don't have a problem with it) however my problem with this line of sheetmasks are that it does not feel like they do much of a difference."
"I used to sheet mask on a daily basis, but then I got tired of having to do nothing for 20 minutes, so nowadays I just sheet mask whenever I feel the need to/got a few minutes to spare. My favourites mask:
- MBD (all variants)
- Mediheal (NMF Aquaring)
- Lululun (all variants)"
"And some of the Etude House, The Saem, Innisfree masks because they are cheap and pretty good for the price."
"Thank you!"
"I’ve tried a bunch of masks in my year of AB and loved almost all of them. My favorites:"
"Tosowoong Propolis, Green Tea, Blueberry and Deep Sea Water. I love all of these. They have a thick material and so much essence. They’re very hydrating and brightening and calming. I notice more brightness from the green tea and blueberry. The scent of the Deep Sea Water is a bit strong for me."
"Papa Recipe Honey Bombee original and whitening. The essence in these feels so juicy and silky and just nice. Also very hydrating and feel comfy and soothing. The material of the mask is thin and elegant."
"My beauty diary hylaronic acid. So hydrating and plumping. This probably has the most dramatic short term effect of any I’ve tried on my skin with that plumping effect. I’d totally recommend this to anyone for a before an event mask. This one also has a thinner mask sheet and so. Much. Essence. "
"Some not favorites:"
"Dr. Jart All That Contours. This was a dry gel mask complete with ear flaps. I got it at Sephora for more than 4x the price of any of the other masks I’ve tried.  I didn’t notice ANY effects after using this, not even moisture or hydration. Part of it was probably the choice of a contouring mask which I don’t really want or need."
"illi hanbang calming mugwort. I’m kind of on the fence about this one, but with so many potentially better masks to try out there i probably won’t repurchase. I LOVE the hanbang scent and it was cheap, and doesn’t have any ill effects. But it has less essence than the other masks I’ve tried and less hydrating ability so really just an ok mask."
"I tried the freeset donkey milk aqua last night and will report back on effects tomorrow! ( holding off a day or so to make sure there’s no irritation or breakouts before deciding if I like it)"
"Thank you so much for the detailed review! I am really wanting to try the tosowoong and papa recipe! Another poster warned me to stay away from the freeset donkey milk mask as it has caused irritation in many people. Did it ""burn"" you at all? "
"I’ve heard mixed reviews on the freeset - seems like people either love it or have the burning reaction and hate it! I didn’t have any burning or irritation, my only complaint would be that the essence was a little sticky but it dried down to be unsticky after a few minutes. It was pretty brightening, not as dramatic as some other reviews led me to expect though. I feel like I need to try it again with less routine (I did aha and bha which made me feel a bit dry) beforehand before forming a final opinion."
"If you want a mask with mugwort, I LOVE the bonvivant madecassoside + mugwort masks."
"Thanks for the recommendation! Do you get these from Amazon?"
"I'm in Europe so I just ordered a bunch from /r/EuroBeautyExchange and before that picked some up from littlewonderland.nl. I haven't looked for them elsewhere, sorry!"
"Oh gotcha, thank you!"
"maskingdom chinese medi line & aboriginal line ( I like all of them). lovermore pearl barley milk & cubilose extract. llang's on the skin truffle from france. I think once I go thru at least 3/4 of my collection, I'm gonna get my hands on more hanbang masks from medienthal and evercos."
"Thank you! The llangs on the skin truffle sounds heavenly! "
"They're like dollar now at masksheets.com. "
"Thanks so much "
"A.H.C. Hydra Soother Mask. It's a game-changer for me. I received one in my Mishimask subscription and had to go buy a box immediately. Brightening, soothing, calming, moisturizing. The next morning I glowed. Nay, I SHONE. Like the sun, damnit. I RADIATED. Sadly, they're pretty expensive - $23-25 for a box of 5. Ugh."
"Thank you!"
"I love the A'pieu Milk masks, especially Green Tea and Milk, Etude House Tea Tree and Rose, Malie Snail and my HG Mediheal Tea Tree. "
"I really like the Hera Hyaluronic Mask. I'm not a big sheet mask user, but this one is excellent. It's so expensive though, so I only use before super special occasions. For a cheap ""quick"" fix, I use the Etude House Snail or Hyaluronic masks. "
"These are the sheet masks that I've tried:"
"Innisfree It's Real Squeeze"
"By far, the Innisfree masks have the best fit for my face and is not too stiff with just the right amount of essence"
"Tea Tree - by far my favorite; really calms down my breakouts the day after; I always have these stocked"
"Manuka Honey - nourishes my skin after a very long exhausting day; I also use this after using mud masks which strip moisture from my skin "
"Lime - haven't seen the effects of using these masks; doesn't do much on my dark spots/scars; temporarily brightens my face after use"
"Rose - heard wonderful reviews about this mask but effects are more or less similar to the lime variant"
"Rice - just bought these and I'm waiting to try it :D"
"Tony Moly I'm Real"
"Quite affordable; fit could be better; sheet mask is a bit stiff for my tastes"
"Rice - brightens my skin; effect can be seen for 2 days at most"
"Seaweed - my skin feels clean after use"
"Watson's Collagen Sheet Mask"
"Price doesn't live up to its effects"
"Brightening - clear essence, drippy, mask easily rips, temporarily brightens my skin after use"
"Firming - cream-like essence, mask easily rips, drippy; haven't observed any effects"
"You're getting a lot of great suggestions from others so I thought I would chime in with a warning. The Freeset Donkey Milk masks: a lot of people here love them, but I've seen a few people (myself included) complain that they burn. Some people are able to withstand the pain but I noped so hard once my face started to feel like it was on fire."
"Oh wow thank you! Donkey milk sounds like something I would want to try too lol. My skin is sensitive so I will just stay clear, I appreciate the tip! "
"Do you have any idea of which ingredient did that? "
"Cremorlab and Aromatica are my favorites by far. They limit their use of petroleum-based ingredients which is always a plus."
"Thank you both!"
"Thank you!"
"Haven’t tried many but I love the Leaders blue ones! It’s drenched in products!"
"They're so expensive but I love SK-II Facial Treatment Masks. I only buy them when they're on sale and in bulk. It makes my skin feel supple, moisturized, plump and gives me this glow I have yet to find elsewhere. It soothes the redness of my skin and helps my dry patches heal. I really can't recommend it enough."
"I’m a bit late to this but I wanted to add mine in here as well. The masks below are the ones that I feel a very noticeable difference in my skin with. I have rosacea and put these in the fridge for about 10 mins prior for extra cooling. My skin is extremely sensitive as well and can get dry flakes around my chin and nose. "
"These are amazing and I always keep at least 5 of each on hand. Freeset Donkey Healing is the one I use when I haven’t taken care of my skin and need it to be repaired. It is so soothing and helps fix my skin almost overnight! I’ve gifted it to everyone I know and they love it too. :) "
"Just to chime in, I recently tried that frudia mask in the photo and loved it. I always put my masks in the fridge beforehand and this one had a bit of a thicker sheet? Not totally white but I laid down with it on and it felt so cooling and amazing. Like I kinda dream about how good it felt lol. And I woke up to beautiful skin!!! Totally repurchasing and also wanting to try the other flavors from that line! "
"That ended up being my favorite one out of all of those lol. I ended up getting more. Hmmm, I will have to try cooling it first, that sounds heavenly lol. "
"Mine is the saem tea tree sheet masks it would be a HG product if it they made it into a essence/serum/ampoule."
"I LOVE the Papa Recipe Bombee Honey mask! It leaves me with soft, radiant skin and it smells absolutely divine."
"Same, no contest. I sent a few to my sister months ago and she just got around to using one. She was like ""what is this magic??"" "
"Came here looking for this comment. Totally agree."
"Yes hands down this one!!! I love this mask SO much."
"Where do you buy this mask? I just googled it and it seems like most places are selling it for $3each except eBay "
"I love and hate you all. Everyone is replying with different sheet mask and now I have to buy them all. "
"Me too. Coming here to see what everyone HG sheet mask."
"I love the MBD Birds Nest mask, and the imperial Birds Nest too. It always leaves me with hydrated, glowy skin. Would love a streamlined essence with that. "
"Yes! This!"
"Good news is that this exists, as a toner! Bad news is that I have no idea how to buy it from outside of Japan without using a package forwarding service."
"Maybe try rakuten? I usually buy my japanese products on rakuten :) I have never used a sheet mask though.. they seem so expensive for a 1 time use.."
"Edit: I didn't double check my sentence xD"
"Yeah, I looked on Rakuten, but it seems like this product is only offered through Cosme.com or its Rakuten store, neither of which ships internationally. I do get what you mean about sheet masks seeming overpriced though. I try to aim for a low price per mask, but I do really see a difference with some, so it's worth trying!"
"Hmm that sucks :( I can't help you then.."
"I've been thinking about maybe trying one of those big packs of sheet masks? No idea where to start though<f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00A2>"
"MBD Apple polyphenol! HG status but I never see people talk about it. "
"I was literally about to type just this!"
"It's seriously my FAVORITE mask.
I buy boxes on Amazon constantly."
"If you're in the US you should also check the target website. They usually have these and sometimes you can get a sale/coupon and/or extra cash back from click through sites like Ebates and ShopAtHome. "
"Thanks!"
"I'll check it out."
"I always forget about Target because their markup on AB is almost as bad as Sephora and Ulta <f0><U+009F><U+0099><U+0084>"
"With coupons and cash back I've always managed to get them cheaper at Target than on Amazon. Definitely worth a look! "
"3rd! It’s a great brightening mask, though I’ve been without a box for awhile. Gonna go solve that..."
"I need to buy this now but I have a massive stash. Life is so hard sometimes (#firstworldproblems)! :D "
"Haha yeah!! This thread made me buy imperial bird nest masks lololol. "
"I hope you love it as much as I do! Thankfully I have plenty of it in my stash. xD"
"What do you like about it? What are the effects of the mask? :)"
"It is surprisingly calming on any active pimples I have, and it really does seem to make my pores smaller. You know how sometimes you get those tiny bumps on the side of your nose that are very painful to extract? But if you do you get like a tinyyyy amount of pus? I used the mask and they were GONE afterwards. "
"I tried to find a picture of something similar on google images but couldn't, sorry for the rambling reply. "
"Leaders AC-Dressing! "
"Leaders needs more love! I thought all the hype about sheet masks was a little overblown until I tried this line - wow. What other brands work well for you?"
"I bought a range* last year, and none of them worked as well for me as Leaders AC-Dressing, so I figured I'd just stick to what works. I also bought Tosowoong's variety of sheet masks recently, but I'm waiting for it right now! What else have you tried?"
"*I tried sheetmasks from Innisfree, Banila & Co Hydrogel Mask, Leaders Aquaringer, Leaders Aloe, Leaders Coconut."
"I've tried most of the roadside shop brands - Face Shop, Tony Moly, Etude House, Innisfree - as well as some of the really hyped brands here, like Naruko and MBD. Nothing was awful, but Leaders was the first that really made me do a double-take in the mirror after I took the mask off. I've actually just ordered more masks from Leaders's US website - with their Cyber Monday coupon (THANKFUL50, if you see this before the end of the day), it's actually not too terrible a deal!"
"I hope Tosowoong works well for you - it's my friend's HG mask brand!"
"Freeset Donkey Milk Brightening and Healing masks! They make my skin sooo plump, bright, and reduce acne/redness so wonderfully!  Definitely HG status for me. "
"Do they still make the healing masks? Can't find them anywhere! I only see the brightening one wherever I look."
"Yes I believe so! BeautySesh has them for $2.50 on their site right now, along with the Hydrating ones."
"thank you!!"
"Where do you buy this from? I wanted to order it from Jolse recently but a comment about it being watered and possibly fake put me off. "
"I purchase the Healing, Hydrating, and Brightening masks from BeautySesh! They’re $2.50 each on their website :) "
"Thanks!"
"Mine is the Mamonde Peach Blossom Mask! It smells heavenly but I can’t seem to find it anymore. It makes my face so soft, supple, and bright. I’m holding onto my last one for dear life. "
"I believe it's been discontinued as it's no longer on the Mamonde website anymore along with the rest of the Flower Essential masks line D:"
"I believe they have been replaced with the Flower Essence masks! I've never tried the essential ones, and I like the new ones"
"<f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00AD><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00AD><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00AD><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00AD> I’m so sad, but thanks for letting me know <f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+0094>"
"I found the peach blossom masks on clearance at cosmetic-love, thought you'd like to know even if they may have been discontinued:"
"https://cosmetic-love.com/collections/clearance-2017-nov/products/mamonde-flower-essential-mask-1ea-clearance-2017-nov?variant=1058473967631"
"YOU’RE AMAZING!!!"
"Haha no problem :)"
"Mediheal tea tree!"
"I love this one so much!!
There is actually quite a lot of the essence in the packaging, so whenever I use the sheetmask, I keep the packaging and squeeze out the rest of the product to use as an essence. It usually lasts for a few days!"
"My beauty diary rose moisturizing essence mask! "
"Would buy this in a heartbeat. I need another moisturizing layer and would love for it to be rose..."
"Oooh I just bought this, even more excited to try it now."
"What makes you like this? :)"
"I forget what brand but it comes in a black packaging called donkey milk. It's supposed to be AB and they sell it at Walmart. I really can't find anything that is donkey milk. "
"Edit: SOOAE brand"
"The SOOAE line of masks they have there is actually really nice. Good for hydrating and they have the most essence I have ever seen in a mask. Like, it borders on ridiculous haha. "
"Donkey milk Healing is my all-time favorite sheet mask. I wish I could take a bath in it every day!"
"Ou I just bought this on a whim the other day! I'm excited to try it now! "
"MBD Imperial Birds Nest is my HG, but a close second is Innisfree It’s Real Squeeze in Black Berry. The essence is almost the same look and feel as the MBD one, and it’s so very nourishing, moisturizing and healing. I wish there was more essence in there! "
"My Beauty Diary's Black Pearl Mask! I also love Skinfood's Royal Honey Propolis, which thankfully, I actually can buy a bottle of lol."
"This is my HG mask too!!"
"It's been discontinued but I really love the essence in Etude House's I Need You Korean Ginseng Mask <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00AD>"
"Evercos Ginseng is currently my fave mask, if you need some hanbang love. It is a watery essence though; not sure if Etude was creamy?"
"Yes, I've been wanting to try Evercos but it's really hard to get it in my country :( and yep the Etude House ginseng mask has a creamy essence which I loveeeee haha"
"This mask was such a HG for me together with the Mugwort. I am really bummed EH discontinued those two. T_T"
"Omigod yessss I love the mugwort one too! Both of them were HG masks for me. But I found another mugwort mask which I love, it's from ILLI! Maybe you can give that a try (: "
"A'pieu milk one pack masks!!! I'd love to have a milky essence in a coffee or chocolate scent!!!"
"Etude House Air Therapy Mask Tea Tree! My skin just loves this one. "
"Love the air therapy masks, they’re all so good! "
"Mediheal APE Soothing Proatin Face Mask for the love of god it's such an emollient essence"
"Lovemore Pearl Barley and Milk ! Absolute fave ! "
"The Lovemore loofah and aloe is great also. "
"The first Asian Beauty product I<U+FE0F> ever tried was a Soo Ae Green Tea mask I<U+FE0F> got in an Ipsy bag. I<U+FE0F> freakin love that mask. I<U+FE0F> hate that it’s so pricey though."
"Etude House Air Therapy Ceramide. My skin LOVES ceramides, and this is my all-time favorite masks!"
"The Labiotte Blooming Essence in 'Phyto Volume Peptid' ( the Avocado one ). It makes my skin so so soft and plump ! I have to refrain myself from touching my face using it."
"Maskingdom Four Substance Formula Mask, but any flavor of their Chinese Medi line would be nice."
"I second this! My favorite is Angelica and Peony, but any of them will do. I bought compressed sheetmasks specifically to make the most of the leftover essence from these masks"
"Etude House 0,2mm Air Therapy Mask Snail! <3 And My Beauty Diary Deluxe Imperial Bird's Nest! <3"
"A'lieu cocorikoo or whatever they are called silver version masks, they have the chickens on the packaging and are this year special I think. Loved the results. It was the one mask essence I checked everywhere for hoping there would be a bottle version."
"Oh wow, that mask is CUTE. I'm sold!"
"Definitely Missha's Herb in Nude mint sheet mask! So far I haven't tried such a good sheet mask and it makes my skin bright, more calm and moisturized. I have sensitive, dry acne skin so I'm really picky lol. Would be a dream to have it as an essence! edit: added sentece"
"I just tried this one not to long ago. I loved it."
"MBD Agropyron Cristatum.  The best I've used so far."
"Klairs, definitely. It's temporarily unavailable in all online stores and supposedly will return with some renewed formula, but at first I thought it was discontinued and was heartbroken. "
"Bonvivant Mint + Tea Tree!"
"A couple people have brought up Freeset’s Donkey Milk masks in Brightening and Healing, but I’m throwing in for the Aqua variety.  The essence is the perfect consistency IMO, it absorbs into my skin so nicely, smells fresh but not perfumey, and I honestly see smoother, brighter skin immediately after taking it off.  Legit, I would take a bath in that essence if I could."
"Where do you get yours from, please?"
"I get them from this Amazon listing!  https://www.amazon.com/dp/B00XDEW8P0/ref=cm_sw_r_cp_api_D-YeAbA7TY0NZ"
"I really love Naruko's Narcissus masks. It makes my skin look bright and just so damn awake and alive? It's amazing. Wish they made a bottle of the stuff because I can't be bothered to put on the mask every night"
"My favorite sheet mask is already a full skin care product line!"
"It’s Benton’s Snail Bee High Content Mask. <U+2B50><U+FE0F>"
"Thanks Benton for making this fabulous mix of potent ingredients in multiple products and textures - toner, essence, cream, and sheet mask."
"YESSS Snail Bee all the way!"
"Leaders 7 wonders cranberry anti aging mask!  Though there's so much extra essence in the package you probably could bottle it if you were so inclined -- I just slather it all over my body instead :)"
"Mamonde Dual Gel Crape Myrtle Mask - Hydro Lifting."
"I used that mask once and I woke the next day to porcelain skin. I had never seen my skin look that. Unfortunately I haven't been able to find that mask since..... <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0094><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0094>"
"They do have an essence apparently (I found it while looking for the mask you mentioned!) but I have no idea if it's the same stuff/formula.  https://www.yesstyle.com/en/mamonde-hydro-lifting-gel-essence-50ml-50ml/info.html/pid.1034847360?cpid=1034847359&tcuc=GBP That site has the mask too! Pricey though as they mark stuff waaaay up."
"Soo ae charcoal flower hanbang mask. I treat myself twice a week, it's amazing!"
"Mizon vital up time snail. Love that mask."
"Leaders Insolution Aloe Soothing Skin Renewal Mask"
"Soothing, hydrating & healing + Gives a nice glow"
"A little backstory, I had an allergy reaction on my skin, and it showed up on my entire face.. For about a month, the skin there was red all over, and was so dry it hurts to even smile.."
"Out of desperation, I turned to sheet-masking.. Just one use of this mask and by the next morning, my face was almost back to normal.."
"Am so impressed that I'm gonna stock up on Leaders Insolution when I get to Seoul next Feb.. =D"
"The Face Shop Dr. Belmeur Daily Repair Soothing Gauze Sheet mask is my HG <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008D>"
"It can be what brand you prefer or just what type you like best, the ones you purchase the most, I'm just curious and like to hear what are you guys' thoughts :)  "
"I know I personally rly like Mediheal and Dr Jart but sometimes I'm scared to try new brands or types.
  I usually try to stick to pores, troubled skin and hydration.
  What about you?"
"I've been working through a stash of masks recently after going a bit ham online. My five favourites for my normal-to-dry skin, all of which I have re-purchased and used minimum four to five times, so far are..."
"Favourite low-cost everyday - tackles basic hydration, anti-inflammation and redness.
* Tosowoong Pure Propolis - nice scent, thick and well cut mask.
Star ingredients: Propolis (uh doy) and the same as other Tosowoong Pure lines - niacinamide, licorice, adenosine, allantoin and panthenol."
"Favourite milky/emollient masks - I use these frequently as I have dry leaning skin.
* A'pieu White Milk One Pack - milky, low scent.
Star ingredients: Milk extracts, Aloe, Lactobacillus/soybean ferment, Lotus culture extract.
* Etude House 0.2 Air Therapy - ceramide variety - mask shape is weird but not overly scented and a lovely thick essence.
Star ingredients: Ceramides, licorice, green tea, centella."
"Favourite when dealing with redness or irritation
* Freeset Donkey Milk Skin Gel Mask Whitening - mask feels lovely, essence is super thin though so I find it a bit drippy. Great results tho!
Star ingredients: Niacinamide, donkey milk, centella, panthenol."
"Favourite splurge
* N.M.F Aquaring Hydro Nude Gel - 2 part hydrogel mask is a great fit, a bit fiddly with the backing plastic. Low scent, amazing results. Used it after a funeral so I had been touching my face/crying all day and woke up looking fresh AF.
Star ingredients: Ceramide 3, licorice, Damascus rose, centella, green tea, Korean pepper... a bunch of other traditional Korean herbal medicine extracts."
"Freeset Donkey Milk Skin Gel Mask "
"That has so much essence I nearly managed to cover my whole body in it the other night. I did my neck, torso, arms and one thigh."
"I need to put that out there."
"Oh my goodness! Thank you, this is so in-depth! I've been meaning to try the Donkey Milk Skin Gel masks, too.
  Ayyy I can't believe I didn't know about the Aquaring Hydro Nude Gel! I've only seen/used the regular ampoule one so far. That's pretty tragic, I'm sorry. Gotta say, sheet masks do have a cheering up effect most of the time :)"
"Noo no, not tragic, it was a beautiful day celebrating someone lovely!"
"I'm such a nerd with sheet masks - one of the first ones I used before I was even really into AB gave me a horrible reaction (MIT in a My Scheming mask) - so now I keep a tab on my skincare spreadsheet tracking how the feel, smell and perform. "
"edited - changed MBD to My Scheming... whoops"
"Omg, you have legit made an excel spreadsheet?? That's actually really impressive, dang. Was it worth it?"
"Yeah, it's nothing super duper fancy - I've got a few tabs - sheet mask tracker, pricing for products including shipping or at physical stores (in Australia so no amazon prime or cheap/free shipping), an ingredients tab for all the fancy Latin names and what they do, and a have a look into this product later tab. It's just kind of developed over time so it ain't pretty but it does the job haha"
"That's a lot of dedication, not gonna lie! It's gotta be pretty hard with shipping cost in Australia, huh?"
"Saving this for future reference because you mentioned Tosowoong. I love Tosowoong but haven't tried some of the other ones you listed."
"I like the My Beauty Diary masks! I have uneven skin tone, and the MBD masks really help to even out my skin tone. Mediheal and Leaders' masks are great too, but a little on the stickier side. And the SNP bird's nest masks are good for overall hydration"
"I love MBD masks as well. I have a pretty small face and they fit so much better than other masks. "
"I liked the SNP bird's nest masks as well, although it might be partially due to the pretty shiny packaging... I'm gonna have to give a try to MBD, everybody seems to go crazy for them!"
"How does it even out your skin tone? And how long would it last? I also have uneven skin tone and didn't know there's a way to tackle this! "
"My skin gets this little splotches of red, especially on my cheeks and is also a little dull. The MBD masks remove redness somehow, it's amazing! They also brighten my skin, like my skin gets this translucent quality. I put on a mask each night and the effects are still there the next morning, although my skin still gets blotchy and dull by the end of the day."
"I definitely second the MBD masks because I'm dealing with PIE, and it really does soothe my skin. My favorite so far is the Royal Pearl because of the brightening effects, and the material that they use is really nice compared to other sheet masks I've tried. It latches on to the skin really well, and I will definitely repurchase it."
"The Leaders Coconut Calming 7 Wonders masks!!!!! The ONLY mask to show an immediate AND lasting effect on my skin. Calms down almost all of my redness and irritation and flattens my zits. LOVE it. Found a box at TJ Maxx for $10.99 and DIEEEDDDD"
"Uggghhh we don't have TJ Maxx here :(( but I think I saw them on an online store earlier, I rly wanna try them out now!
  It always feels like such a blessing when you find your favorite masks on sale! Can't imagine finding them at an actual physical location! :')"
"In Canada TJ Maxx is Winners. "
"Omg, rly? God, I'm so slow. I'm totally gonna go check it out then! Fingers crossed! :D"
"My absolute favorite ones are the Etude House Air sheet masks (after their discontinued their old line, RIP hyaluronic acid), in ceramide. It's so hydrating and lovely, and compared to a lot of others I've tried (and also like) it feels like the results lasts for a few days compared to the regular one day. As for how good it is for ceramides I don't actually know but it sure feels good! Super hydrating, which is my preference in sheet mask. The fit is also nice!"
"Oddly enough, I haven't tried any etude house products as of yet! But I'm tempted to at least try out the air sheet mask now! Why did they discontinue it, do you know? Just curious :)"
"No I don't, I don't think there was an obvious reason though! I assume they just wanted to make way for their new sheet mask line which they thought was better? I miss their old formulations though, some of them were creamy rather than watery which was bliss."
"Ugh, reformulations..."
"There was nothing wrong with the old formulations either :("
"They did that with Skinfood's black sugar cleansing oil and Biore's UV aqua rich watery essence as well....Sometimes I think they're just doing it for kicks tbh. Like some kind of power trip or something."
"Aren't the emulsion type Air Therapy masks still the creamy sort of essence?"
"Are they? I had no idea! How do you know which ones are the emulsion type? I can't seem to see a difference."
"There's 3 types of essences: watery, ampoule, and emulsion. If you look at the sheet masks on the Etude House global site in the description there's an infographic that explains the 3 and each mask variety has a little blurb as well. Plus the back of the packaging will have the teardrop/dropper bottle/glass milk jug to denote what type of essence it is."
"Interesting! I've never noticed that. I can't seem to remember a difference in the feel of them, though. I'll have to re-check tonight, it's been a while since I used them. Certainly none that I've tried is like the old creamy essence, though :/"
"I'm pretty basic. My favorite sheet mask has been the avocado sheet mask by tonymoly. So hydrating and I noticed an instant difference in the softness of my skin. I also really liked the green tea one. "
"Avocado and green tea are awesome tho :) usually the safest bet, too."
"I looooved the makgeoli one when I tried it!"
"Smell so good!"
"My favorites are My Beauty Diary's Imperial Bird's Nest, Damask Rose, and Squalene masks. They really help calm down redness and I always have a good skin day after using them. Plus My Beauty Diary masks fit me the best out of all the ones I've tried. "
"Oh does rose help with that?? I've always wondered what properties they had, guess I should've done a quick google search..
  Do you usually buy them in bulk or just on occasion?"
"Yeah I think rose is supposed to be good for redness. That's what their product description says anyway. I got a variety park of MBD masks on Amazon and liked most of them, but I narrowed it down to a few favorites to keep repurchasing. I get them in packs of 8 and use one once a week, so they last a while.  "
"I think once you find something that works well it's hard not to start hoarding it. I guess I'll have to start looking into rose benefits then!"
"I've had the best results with the Papa Recipe Bombee mask. I couldn't stop looking at my face it was so bright and smooth. Fit my face great too. Other than that I like MBD squalene (good fit) and Leaders Amino Lifting. My skin loves snail bee but it's the most annoying mask to use because of the terrible fit. It doesn't adhere to my face well at all and I have to keep pressing it into my skin."
"Oh nooo! I HATE a slippery mask! It's like you have to lay on your back without moving the whole time.
  Papa recipe bombee masks seem to be really popular! "
"Annie's Way, Maskingdom, Lovemore masks are the best, close runner up includes L'Herboflore. The fabric on all of these is super soft (the L'Herboflore is not quite as soft as the others) with generous amounts of essences that are chock full of good ingredients."
"Oh, I've never heard of Annie's way! Which ones would you recommend?"
"They have variety boxes focused around concerns like anti-acne, anti-wrinkle, soothing and moisturising. I've tried the anti-acne and wrinkle ones and liked pretty much all of them. At some point, I will also be trying their Secret Garden line. Sadly, I did not like their jelly masks (which aren't sheet masks anyways)."
"Oh don't they count as ""sheet"" masks? I mean...they're sort of ""sheets of jelly"" in a way...right? :') "
"I agree! Haven't tried Annie's Way coz I find the picture on the packaging ugly. "
"Lol, I assume you mean the ugly pictures on the jelly mask cards. I don't recommend the jelly masks anyways. Their sheet masks are bomb though."
"Yes hahaha. Now that I took a closer look they are downright creepy scarey <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00B1>"
"I'm not familiar with the brand, this is where I saw them:
https://www.beautibi.com/collections/annies-way"
"My philosophy for masks is this - you spend valuable time with a sheet mask - so it better do more than minimal hydration and temporary cosmetic effects. So, after much experimentation, I stay away from MBD, MyScheming etc. I love Hanbang masks and below are my favorites:"
"Evercos - It comes in 6 flavors with amazing ingredients, along with 1 star ingredient in each of them. "
"Medienthal masks are equally amazing!"
"Maskingdom Chinese Medicine series and Aboriginal series are the BEST IMHO. They are expensive so I use them on special occasions, but these are Korean facials in a pack! "
"I've never even heard of those! I'm gonna try to find some. Sheet mask time is precious-relaxation-me-time! I'm genuinely excited to try them, I hope they're not too hard to find :)"
"I get them from:"
"Yayyy!! Thanks for sharing :D
  Ugh, that's a shame. What happened?"
"Urrg long story!! "
"I ordered Mediheal masks from them - 10 each of 4 types - 40 masks in all. They sent me 40 masks of the same type!! I wrote to them and they said it was the vendor's mistake. I think this site essentially routes orders to different vendors who then ship them. After not getting a satisfactory response from anyone, I opened a Paypal dispute. As soon as I did that, their tone got very friendly and they told me they will refund my money (minus 10 masks) but they wanted me to close the dispute as it hurt their reputation. "
"I bought their argument (as they were nice and sucking up to me - big mistake!) and closed the PayPal dispute. And then a few days pass and no response, or refund! I emailed a few times, but they ignored me! I decided to reopen the dispute and that's when I realized I'd been tricked. Apparently, you cannot reopen a closed dispute on PayPal. And then Interpark wrote to me and said"
"We get information from PayPal that you already get refund the amount you claimed.So, global Interpark are not authorized to issue a refund. If you still not refund yet, please contact paypal."
"And then no response! I was totally lost at this point. They clearly had tricked me. Paypal would not help me anymore as I'd closed the dispute. At this point, I wrote Global Interpark one final time and told them, if they do not refund my money, I will approach the law (whatever that means haha), write on my Blog about their dishonest practice, and write about them on this forum which will dissuade future buyers from going to them. That worked. They now said, sorry, we were confused, yes, we will refund. And then I got the refund. "
"Never again! I've generally had good experience with AB vendors on eBay but Global Interpark was a total nightmare. "
"Haha omfg. The gall.
  I'm actually rly glad you shared this story, hopefully it'll serve as a warning for the next people planning on purchasing from there!
  I feel offended by proxy, can't imagine how frustrating it must've been. Srly these people!"
"I know!! Lol...I had only heard of such stories, but this is the first time it actually happened to me! I was so frustrated, my mom and BF took the brunt for it :D I just wanted to find the lowest possible price for these masks and boy, did I! "
"Finding a good deal on good sheet masks in bulk is almost the lottery tbh.
  Still can't believe they tried to get away without refunding, ffs.
  Thank goodness you had people to rely on and vent too, this is stuff to make you lose your shit permanently."
"I like the My Beauty Diary masks and the Etude House 0.2 masks for basic hydration. They work well, make my skin plump and soft, and are quite affordable. For calming acne and blemishes, I like the Benton Snail Bee masks and the Mediheal PDF AC Dressing masks. For brightening, I like the Leaders Melatox, My Scheming L-Ascorbic Acid, Freeset Donkey Milk Whitening, Tosowoong Propolis and Naruko Arbutin. For oil control, I like the My Beauty Diary Apple Polyphenol and Sahara variants. As you can see I really have many favourites haha. "
"I have been meaning to try the Benton Snail Bee products in general! But it sounds rly intense and I'm scared my skin will not like it and rebel against me (once more)...
  Many favorites is good! It's great feedback and gives me things to look into so I'm glad you have many :)"
"Might sound silly how obvious this is, but AVOID snail bee if you're allergic to bee stings. Completely wrecked my skin through sheer stupidity!"
"Haha honestly, that sounds like a mistake I'd make too :')
  That's rly unfortunate tho. I hate when that happens and it takes like at least 2 weeks for your skin to calm tf down >___>"""
"The Benton Snail Bee mask is my all time favorite!  I have somewhat sensitive dry skin, prone to allergic reaction and breakouts, but the Benton mask made my skin look fabulous!  I was doing a ton of masks at the time, and this one made an immediate noticeable difference in my skin.  I had acne and acne scabbing at the time, and it was so much better after the mask.  Though I was also using the Benton snail bee essence and Mizon black snail AOI cream at the time, so maybe it was the combination of all three, but my skin looked so much better the morning after the Benton mask than when I used other sheet masks, and I was really stunned by the fast overall healing effect."
"Man, I wanna try the snail bee so bad now! It might have been the combination but since people seem to have had rly good results with it, there's gotta be something to it!
  It's always kind of a relief when I hear of other people dealing with acne on here. I usually have the feeling everyone has amazing skin and I'm the only one struggling, although it's clearly untrue :) (not that I'm rejoicing over people's struggles or anything..)"
"Haha, I have acne-prone skin too so I can relate! I'm dealing with lots of acne scars and redness too. I really can't recommend the Benton Snail Bee mask enough, it really calms my skin and makes my blemishes look less obvious. I also recently started using the Benton Snail Bee Essence and it's really helped to reduce my redness! Seems like a lot of people with acne love the Benton Snail Bee Essence/sheet masks so perhaps you could try that out! :-)"
"I'm def gonna try! I'm just disappointed they don't have it on roseroseshop because that means I'll have to make a separate order  just for those :'( oh well! That's the price of beauty, isn't it? huhu"
"I'm currently obsessed with the leaders coconut gel masks. I have a huge sheet mask stash but find myself ignoring the others completley for the leaders."
"I got a box of these a few weeks ago, and they're definitely good ones! I got the cranberry antiaging type. Masksheets.com has some super deals on these for $15 a box right now, which makes them really, really appealing. "
"Ohhh coconut gel masks?? I didn't even know those existed!
  But yeah, I feel you :')"
"Yup they are sorta like a hydrogel mask but super thin and clingy.  Highly suggest trying one out if you have the opportunity!"
"Yes I love those too! I found a pack at Marshalls and am so sad now that I've tried them that they are normally so much more expensive."
"I found these are Marshalls too and they are soooooo lovely. I got the orange ones, 7 wonders acai, and moisturizing recovery.  I tend to ignore my other masks in favor of these too!"
"Yup - I only tried one Leaders mask so far, but recall the fit/feel was really good."
"I will if I can find them, that's for sure! Haha~"
"I might be the single minority here...but after using two brands (Innis Free Bija and MBD masks), I'm not seeing any drastic results. It's fun to put on and feel like I'm pampering myself on the weekends, but not quite understanding the one mask a day hype that everyone seems to be on. Maybe I need to splurge on the $$ masks to see big results? "
"BTW i have sensitive, hormonal acne, and also pick. "
"What kinds did you try? I only mention that because MBD is a HG for me, but only specific types in the brand. The royal pearl is better for me than black pearl (contrary to everyone else) and red wine which others have said does nothing is amazing for breakouts for me. It's all very YMMV even within the brands."
"I got the variety pack from amazon and so far tried Natto, Bird's Nest, and Aloe. I couldn't tell the difference between either of them. This could just mean that i'm super oblivious to my skin Xl "
"I'll give the royal pearl a shot! "
"I didn't have any luck with those either! I can tell the royal pearl is working cause I suddenly have 5000 more freckles after using it, every time. I too am oblivious to my skin and still learning, so I tend to look for high value masks that I know will give me a return. I'm always so sad when I don't get the reviews everyone raves about."
"There's also some like that red wine I mentioned, and the black revitalizating mask, that don't do squat when I use them regularly but if I use them during a breakout they shrink the zit size instantly. So there's also the ""am I using this mask at the right time?"" question that comes into play. "
"So there's also the ""am I using this mask at the right time?"" question that comes into play.  "
"That's such a good point actually."
"Wait a sec, how does the royal pearl mask make your freckles more prominent? I'm sad because something in my routine is fading mine. :( I gotta dig one of those masks out of the stash tonight!"
"I really have no idea since I expected the brightening to fade mine. At first I thought I was just imagining it because I always wish I had more..but then my adorably oblivious husband commented multiple times after it's use how I looked like I'd been out in the sun because I was super freckly. "
"Nice! Maybe I'll do B&A pics to see if I get the same result. <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008D>"
"I've seen a couple of people singing the praises of the red wine one so it might be worth checking out."
"I guess it's not for everyone! I think sometimes it's best to have a bunch of affordable ones bought in bulk and the quantity and consistent use can make the difference. I think it's often more a question of hydration than anything.
  It's very possible that if you don't see much result with the cheaper ones, the more expensive ones might not do much for you either :/
  Idk if this'll help but I have acne as well (although it seems to have calmed down a bit, KNOCK ON WOOD) and the Dr Jart's Dermask Micro Jet Clearing Solution have done wonders tbh. Although, don't take my word for it because, as I've mentioned in earlier replies, I don't learn about ingredients and all that important stuff (because I suck) so it's to take with a grain of salt.
  Pls feel free to let me know if you try some that you end up liking! :)"
"Thanks for the rec on Dr Jart! Their mask has been on my radar but haven't been able to decide which one i wanted to try since each of them seem like a commitment based on the prices. Where do you purchase yours from? "
"I think I got my first one at Sephora but they're ridiculously overpriced tbh. I got a box of 5 (or 6?) not long ago on roseroseshop, I think they were on sale. I find the Dr Jart version of that specific mask is less harsh than the mediheal ones, so it's probably better if your skin is easily irritated.
  They're more expensive but still worth it imo. I guess if you try one to begin with it, it won't be too much of a dent in your budget."
"I tried probably 15-20 masks that were flops for me before I found any that made a difference. Current fave mask is an expensive one (Whamisa hydrogel) but I LOVE the Naruko Snail and Naruko Narcissus and those are ~$1/each. But then again I love the Innisfree Bija so my skin may not have a ton in common with yours."
"I certianly don't think 1 mask/day is necessary for me- I do it maybe 2-3x a week and recently haven't done them even that often as I've been moving. I think CERTAIN masks make a huge impact, and others are more of a tool to aid in absorption of your other skincare. I always put it on on top of EVERYTHING (toner, serums, oils) and  this allows my many nighttime layers to absorb a lot before I put on my cream/sleeping mask."
"Right now, I usually just buy Dermal Korea because they are available at my local store, and when I first started getting into sheet masks, a lot of them broke me out. Unfortunately, I didn't think to write down the names of the culprits (3 years ago)! So I'm a little afraid to try others, but I'm getting better at handling breakouts so will probably try more brands soon! "
"Haha my god, I feel you. Do you look into ingredients at all to see what triggers it? Because I have been too lazy to so far..."
"I haven't so far either. Before I was just oh, I guess this product's not good for me... but I want to start doing that. I think we will have more options for skincare if we know what is really breaking us out! I'm going to try to use cosdna with some products I remember being bad ... when I'm not feeling too to lazy of course! "
"Haha pls let me know how it turns out! :)"
"I have been loving the L'herboflore Aromatherapy set in particular the Palmarosa Reviving Mask & Lemon Balm Moisturizing mask. The fit is really great, nice soft fabric with a good cling - stayed moist well over 20 minutes. My skin was visibly plumped and brightened  - I have combination skin that is pretty clear at the moment woot woot(and there was plenty of extra sauce that I used liberally on my decollatage <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0089>). They both have a slight herbal/floral scent that I found very pleasant. Would definitely RP but everyday fave is the innisfree it's real squueze shea butter. Lovely milky essence, super soothing & moisturizing. I love the nutty scent and they're usually just a buck on masksheets.com which is a great value imo! "
"Congrats on your clear skin! It's always such a victory when you catch a damn break and your sin behaves tbh :')
  Idk why but I never heard of masksheets.com I'm such a slowpoke >_____>"""
"My Scheming black masks. I've tried Raw Job's tears, 7-in-1, and Pore Minimizing and they've all been great (to be honest, I can't tell the difference between them). These masks fit my small face well, I can get them locally at the Asian markets, and they have been the most moisturizing for me. I notice the effects of the mask for at least 24 hours. The only con is that my boyfriend accuses me of blackface whenever I walk around with one on, lol."
"Omg...don't even get me started on the charcoal sheet masks! They're my favorite but it never goes unnoticed by the people around me :'(
  I always wanted to try my scheming, if only because the name :P"
"Haha, they're even more jarring to look at than the usual white masks!"
"I love them so much :')
  There was a story a few months ago (I think) on here (pretty sure) about this who wore a sheet mask with an animal face on it and it scared her mom and she almost knocked her out. It seems they're as unsettling as the charcoal ones haha"
"The Freeset Donkey Milk ones are my all-time favs. Just something about the fabric of the mask and how it's dripping in essence and how moisturizing it is really soothes and hydrates my skin for the rest of the night/day. I'm really bummed that memebox is no longer a store since I used to buy loads of them whenever they were on sale there."
"bbcosmetic is where I get mine now. sometimes they're under $15 a box."
"Have you used the Healing ones? I'm currently having an authenticity issue with some I bought from RRS.  The first ones I bought from Memebox smelled and felt completely different.  The latest ones I bought smell like lavender (not a fan)"
"Yes I have! Only through memebox though, a while ago. I don't think mine smelled like lavender, but more like herbal medicine? "
"The healing ones always smelled like baby wipes to me."
"I really like Illi, Evercos (I've tried Licorice and Ginseng and liked both) and Tosowoong Green Tea. The Tosowoong Propolus and Snail are good too but the other kinds weren't stand outs for me. The Tony Moly I'm Real Broccoli was shockingly good - my skin was practically translucent. "
"Papa Recipe Rose Gold Honey Bombee was pretty good. Benton Snail Bee was nice but dried a bit quickly."
"I'm interested in trying Lovemore, Freeset Donkey Milk, and L'Herbiflore"
"Illi"
"Thank you!  I never heard of this brand and searched on Amazon and see they have a Mugwort mask!  I put the Tosowoong snail masks on my Amazon list as well.  As soon as my stash is lower, I will be ordering both of these.  Thanks!"
"I adore the ili Mugwort. I love the fresh, herby smell, and my face feels so good after using it. I hope you like them."
"Oh I should try the broccoli as well I've been sticking to the makgeolli one cause I liked it so much :')
  Same, I've seen l'herboflore mentioned a billion times. It's gotta mean it's great, right?"
"I have used a ton of sheet masks in the past five months (about 4 a week).  One thing I have noticed is that no matter how great the mask is, if it doesn't fit well, I won't buy/use it again."
"After all of the ones I have tried, I have found that the ""Elizavecca Deep-Power Ringer"" have such a great fit and feel.  I have only used one so far from my recent Miss Tutii subscription, but it really made an impression on me at how great it fit and felt!  I will definitely be trying out all their masks for sure.  These ones just seemed effortless."
"If I recall, ""Leaders"" also had a really good fit, but I only tried one of them.  I will definitely have to try a few more of them too."
"But my favorite sheet mask for the huge difference it makes with my skin, is the Benton nail Bee High content Sheet Mask.  I was trying to heal acne and acne scabbing at the time, and this mask really made a quick and powerful positive difference in my skin appearance."
"I also love the ""Bonivant"" masks (memebox), and have a huge stock of them (I bought up before memebox closed up).  The Madecassoside and Mugwort is my favorite of theirs.  The Bonivant masks were so affordable, fit and felt great, and my skin feels great after using them too.  I am not sure this brand is still going though.  Anyone?"
"Edited to add, I recently found ""The Creme Shop"" sheet masks at TJ Max, 5 ct boxes for $4.99.  I bought a few boxes of them, and they are okay, but the fit is not my favorite and a few of them are way too perfumey smelling for me (I prefer natural smells).  Still though, a great price at $1 each, but I probably would not buy these again, because of the poor fit/feel (compared to some other masks I have tried).  But for anyone starting out with trying do do a few sheet masks a week, these really are not that bad for the price.  "
"Edited again to add... I just did a L'Affair honey sheet mask today, and my god, that mask is the worst sheet mask I have ever used!  The smell... is like old lady perfume and NAIL POLISH REMOVER!  WTH?  Did I get a bad mask or is that the normal smell?  The smell was so overwhelming and just so bad, I had to rip the mask off my face and wash off all the gunk.  And the gunk was super tacky and sticky as well.   There is no way I would ever use that mask ever again.  I can still smell the acetone-like fumes!  :(  Wow.... I never used a mask that bad before ever."
"I also hate it when masks don't fit well, so I have a pair of scissors dedicated to cutting them as needed. Usually horizontally across, sometimes including vertically on the chin and upper lip strips and on really bad ones, opening the eye holes up more."
"I hated to say it, but I do the same thing and cut slits as needed so some masks will fit better."
"Honestly that sounds like a really smart thing to do"
"Usually it's either that or get essence straight in your damn eyes tbh. It's a pain especially with glasses, as well."
"Ugh I always feel so betrayed when I have to cut them to fit though!"
"Ugh, there is nothing more heinous than an ill-fitting mask, I swear to god. That's definitely one of the reasons I like Leaders' tbh. Never tried Elizavecca yet! And it sure seems like a lot of people are singing the Benton's snail bee mask's praises! I hope it'll live up to the hype!
  HAHAHA omg that's easily the worst of the skincare world of scents :')
  I remember that happening to me as well! Like a cheap mask that smelled too off for me to consider leaving it on my face...I just gotta remember what it was!
  Good thing you didn't keep it on! There's always gonna be that evil mask at some point that comes to you just to fuck you up."
"The Creme Shop green tea ones are good on sunburns. I agree though. Very perfumed and fit was soso for me, left a sticky feeling I had to rinse off before applying lotion/creams but my skin looked plumped and bouncy after"
"What do your BV masks smell like? I bought some back in December and all the ones I've used recently smell terrible. I'm seriously considering tossing them because I think they went bad. I remember the lime one smelled a bit refreshing the first time I tried it."
"By BV do you mean Bonivant?  They do have scent, but it's natural and light, nothing overwhelming.  I have the rose, tea tree, chamomile and tea tree, aloe, lotus, acai berry, and mugwort.  I don't have lime though.  Maybe citrus ones go bad faster?"
"Yes, that's what I meant, I was on mobile and was having trouble typing LOL. I thought it was just the lime one too, but I've since used acai, chamomile, mugwort all with the same smell. :/ Maybe I should just toss, I don't remember them smelling this funky the first time."
"I just tried the mugwort mask I have recently and didn't notice any smell in mine, and trust me, I notice smells!  I just reviewed another horrible sheet mask which reeked of so much perfume in it that I had to throw it away unused."
"My Bonivant masks are only a few months old, and I have a lot of them, so I really hope mine don't go bad! :S  You have me a bit worried now.  Time for me to start trying to do a sheet mask a day!"
"Thanks for the post! It's nice to see what favs people have currently. Hope you find some new masks to try out~"
"Haha no worries :') I love hearing about what people are using and if I'm missing out and stuff.
  So far it seems the donkey milk and snail bee are highly recommended!"
"Yeah I have yet to try donkey milk but might try some masks out with that ingredient in them. I've used two of the Benton snail bee mask and I think my face liked it although I'll probably pick up one again and see if it's good for me "
"The Benton ones seemed more expensive than your average tonymoly, too. Hopefully they're worth it!"
"At this point I'm pretty committed to Vita Lightbeam Essentials mask (https://www.amazon.com/Vita-Lightbeam-Essential-Mask-25ml/dp/B00F32BGQC). I've really struggled to find a moisturizer that doesn't break me out, but if I just use this once a day everything seems to work out well."
"Omg! I was wondering if the vita light beam did anything, too! I keep seeing it amongst its little Leaders/Mediheal brothers & sisters :')
  I was wondering what it did exactly (except helping you glow I guess...)"
"For me, it just hydrates and seems to lessen acne pigmentation. Which is a total win!"
"It doesn't save lives but it certainly makes it better :')"
"Absolutely love the Leaders Step Solution masks - HG is the Aqua Pore Scaling one."
"What do you like the most about the Step Solution masks? I just tried a Leaders Aloe Soothing Renewal mask for the first time, and wow. The fit was amazing and the glowy, moisturizing effect lasted for two days. "
"The short answer is I get great results! My skin feels incredibly clean and toned after using it, and like you I noticed a difference even a couple of days later. In terms of using the masks, I find the fit absolutely perfect and love how thick the sheet is - feels really luxurious despite the reasonable price tag."
"Great to know I'm not the only one who experienced such great results! I'm definitely going to try to whittle my mask collection down so that I can buy some Leaders masks soon."
"Omg I looooove that one! You can always see the result right away on your pore! Even though it doesn't rly last..."
"I'm in love with Mummy Mud Mask from Aprilskin. It firms my skin, removes sebum and dead skin cells at the same time. It's ""SNS uploadable"" because it's fun to take pictures with it as well (: "
"Ok, never heard of it but that's the best name ever! Where do you get them usually? if you don't mind me asking"
"I usually get them from earlypicker.com because they offer the cheapest price! "
"Favorite brightening mask: My Beauty Diary Imperial Bird's Nest - Brightens, moisturizes, and plumps up my skin a fair amount. The 2015 version can be found on Amazon with Prime shipping to the US for about $12-14 a pack (of 10), and is a great overall value. The masks are super juicy and last about an hour if I cover with a Daiso Silicone Mask."
"Favorite hydrating mask: Etude House Air Therapy 2.0 Ceramide mask. This is usually about $1.20-$1.50 if purchased on eBay through RoseRoseShop, but can be had for about $0.65 a mask if you wait for Etude House sales on their website. Seriously helps moisturize skin and fix moisture barrier issues."
"Other masks I really enjoy:"
"Thanks for the breakdown, this is really useful :)
  Donkey milk, papa bombee honey and MBD seem to be the big winners so far! Have you tried the Papa ones?"
"I haven't tried the Papa Recipe masks - I break out from Hydroxyethylcellulose and they have it pretty high up on the ingredients list. It's the same reason I don't use Leaders masks - it makes me break out. It's in the Etude House masks but it's really low on the ingredients list and doesn't seem to mess with my skin."
"Ohhhhh! That's a shame :/ at least you found one that your skin doesn't rebel against, that's always good :)"
"Karuna Clarifying Face Mask"
"I had one in my stash to help when I had a breakout. After dealing with some cystic acne that was driving me insane, I pulled it out. The acne was flattened and is now healing, and my face was hydrated and soothed. Yes, it's an $8 mask, but I will ALWAYS have at least one in my stash as it seems able to get rid of my acne when nothing else is working. "
"Lovemore Pearl Barley and Milk"
"It smalls like delicious vanilla pudding and is my favorite mask when I need a pick-me-up. It hydrates like a champ and fits well, but I love it because of the smell. "
"Karuna eh? I think you're the first person to mention that name so far! Ayyyy I've paid 9$ for a fucking laneige and another 9$ for a Dr. Jart one at Sephora (they weren't nice special ones, just so we're clear), we all buy expensive sheet mask at one point in our lives :')
  Getting rid of cystic acne sounds pretty good tho tbf.
  Ohhhh love vanilla!! "
"I've really liked the A'pieu Coconut Milk masks! They smell great but not too strong and my skin always looks hydrated/glowing after. I got a free Vprove Soybean Isoflavone mask when I was last in Seoul and it was really nice too - I want to pick up some more the next time I'm there!"
"I'm surprised about the amount of people bringing up coconut masks tbh, I wasn't expecting that at all.
  Is A'pieu a decent brand? I hear about it but since their products are cute I'm pretty weary..."
"I haven't tried tons of A'pieu stuff (I'm still fairly new to kbeauty) but what I've tried I've liked! The overall impression I'm getting is that they're not like the very very top products necessarily but pretty good value for money. I've only tried the coconut ones from their milk sheet mask line, which I initially bought because of cute packaging but turned out surprisingly nice! I've also used their Cheek Chok blush which is ok (nice color but not that lasting) and just got their Wonder Tension Pact which is pretty good. I've heard pretty good things about their Madecassoside cream and a couple of their sunscreens too. I might try those next! "
"I think I've heard about the wonder tension pact as well!
  Let me know if you do :)"
"If you asked me to pick two masks that I could only use for the rest of the year, I would pick:"
"Papa Daddy Recipe Bombee rose gold honey: Of all the daddies I've tried, this one is my favourite. His essence leaves my skin so moisturised and soothed that whenever I have a breakout, I always reach for this one. No other daddy gives me 24k rose gold. In other words, this daddy always delivers."
"Goodal nature ampoule firming ginseng: This one is also crazy good. Firstly, it's probably the best-fitting mask I have ever used. My face is a large canvas and this range of Goodal masks is the only one that covers most of my it. The texture of the mask is really nice too, and it holds a lot of serum. The mask itself leaves my skin radiant. I use this if I need a good skin day. The other masks in the range are good too (especially the camellia) but this I would be happy using all the time."
"Mmmmm rose & honey, huh? Those ingredients seem to be resurfacing a lot as opposed to snail, I guess the snail trend is slowly moving on. (that gave me a good chuckle btw)
  Ughhhh I LOVE ginseng, and so does my face. I'm gonna have to give goodal a try!"
"the a'pieu my skin-fit sheet masks are really good! i've tried the honey, sea buckthorn, and baobab. it seems like they might've been phased out though, it's a lot harder to find them online now :( the baobab is especially good, its the most moisturizing mask ive ever used!"
"I love buckthorn! Oh nooo :( I hope they haven't been straight up discontinued! "
"I've recently joined in the sheet mask hyped and had since tried the Innisfree rose, kiwi, bamboo and bija, of which none caused any ""difference"" to my face. Now I'm thinking whether I should continue using the rest of my stash since they don't seem to do anything..:/ I still have quite alot of masks left (MBD black pearl, rose, My scheming rose dew, TT radiance and Papa recipe Bombee mask D:)
I look for soothing/calming, hydrating and brightening in sheet masks and I have combination skin"
"Sometimes they don't make any remarkable differences but they're still very hydrating so unless they give you a rash I'd say it's worth finishing your stash :) Plus I've been hearing amazing things about the Papa recipe bombee ones as well as MBD!"
"Ooh okay! I'll go try the other different ones I haven't in my stash and maybe I'll see something in one of them!(: ended up giving away my remaining innisfree ones to my friend as she loveeesss those xD"
"Haha as long as somebody give them the love they deserve, it's all good :')
  Also, maybe if you have sensitive skin just be careful with the papa bombee, you never know!"
"I use the Dermal brand on Amazon (https://www.amazon.com/Dermal/b/ref=w_bl_hsx_s_be_web_8982680011?ie=UTF8&node=8982680011&field-lbr_brands_browse-bin=Dermal), they're very cheap (a 15-pack of assorted types is $8.99!), and quite good. There's enough serum in the pouch to apply next day to face, hands, and neck, and the price makes it affordable to sheet mask every day. They leave me so hydrated, it's wonderful."
"Oh cool!!! They were featured on an article on dramafever, I was wondering if it was worth checking out. I love variety packs :) thanks for linking me~"
"Newbie here. I'm surprised there has been no mention of TFS masks. Are they that bad? From what I've read, people have issues with their alcohol content and fragrance but I luckily haven't had any troubles yet. I have dehydrated skin and the masks have definitely helped so far.    "
"I'm loving Kelp, Cucumber and Olive Oil. Aloe Vera surprisingly didn't do much for me. I used Kelp for the first time yesterday and it's the first time a product made my face glow after using it."
"Those are all good safe(usually) ingredients imo. Can't go wrong!
  What's TFS? Pardon my ignorance..edit : ohhhhhhh the face shop?? Sorry, nvm! :')"
"TFS masks irritate my skin :( "
"My fave single masks are evercos apricot and lovemore Pearl barley milk. They are brightening, plumping and soothing on my skin. For troubled skin, I use anything with tea tree. Right now Annie's way has been for go to for this. "
"APRICOT??? I'm gonna need this."
"Yes! Another Annie's Way fan!"
"I just want to say the little green monster of jealousy is popping up when reading some of the responses. I had a bad reaction to a mask early on and I'm REALLY hesitant to try again. Sigh. I'm glad you all enjoy the masks though. "
"Omg I hear you, that rly sucks tho. Did you ever figure out what ingredient(s) were the culprit or were you just like ""NOPE NOPE. DONE."" ? "
"No. I didn't. They didn't fit well. They were super goopy and messy. I don't know whether it's my face or the brand but they are both very popular brands. I bought a bunch but gave them away. I kept one SKII and 3 sulwhasoo and have been staring at them but I just don't want to b disappointed if I have the same experience.   "
"ETA: Full disclosure-I'm not the most graceful person on the planet, but really, these masks didn't fit well AT ALL. (internal monologue-maybe my face is misshapen???) When I first started to actually take care of my skin my BFF essentially told me: go forth and buy skin care products-and by that I do not mean a lip balm and an exfoliating implement.  She mentioned sheet masks and I, being the complete novice that I am, just started putting shit in my virtual cart (I hate shopping in person) and have it delivered to me. She gave me some sort of general directive as to what I was supposed to get (GET SOMETHING HYDRATING FOR FUCK'S SAKE!!!)(She and I are very frank) so ummmm...that's what I did. Shrug. I kinda sorta know better now, thanks to reading essentially non-stop about skin care for 2 months. "
"Ugh, expensive disappointments are the worst disappointments.
  Hahaha I think that's most of us when we start getting into it. To be fair tho, sheet masks are one of the easiest thing to begin with. It's messy at first but oh well! :')"
"My Scheming Snail Hydrating Essence is my all-time favourite!
It hydrates and instantly brightens up my face. Plus, there's tons of extra product at an extremely reasonable price to boot. I can get it locally as well so I know I'll always have a constant supply."
"The Dr. Jart ""Hydration Lover"" rubber mask from Sephora- that thing works WONDERS. Price is a bit steep ($12, yikes!) but I look like a new person after I use it. It's amazing"
"I first I gagged a bit cause it was my first ""rubber"" mask but yeah, definitely hydrated my face real hardcore like.
  Probably can get them for cheaper on amazon or something tho but I also got mine at Sephora anyway so..."
"Lovemore - finally found a mask that's big enough for my big face
Maskingdom - so many delicious flavors, so juicy"
"I just discovered these brands last week and I prefer them to Korean brands."
"i quite like taiwanese masks to korean ones actually. lovemore has some of my favorite masks!"
"There's def been a rise in the Taiwanese sheet mask popularity lately it seems!"
"I'm newish to AB and so far I really love Naruko masks!! They fit me well and have tons of essence. I got a lot of them on sale from their website when they were doing an extra 40% off masks. I tend to reach for my naruko masks instead trying out a new sheet mask from my stash of various other brands because they really seem to hold up to their claims listed on the packaging."
"I have combo skin with large pores and some acne (mostly CCs). Their tea tree mask is my favorite/ HG for an acne flair up and calming skin, I found it to be a lot more effective than the etitude house and innisfree tea tree masks. The arbutin brightening mask is very nice as well, and I also love the snail mask. One day my face was irritated and red from starting AHA and using the snail mask took away any redness and left my skin calm and plump. "
"For brightening I really like the innisfree skin clinic BHA mask and the tony moly I'm real tomato mask (left my skin incredibly glowy) "
"My favorite is the Too Cool For School Egg Cream Hydrating mask. The Firming one is great too, although I didn't see much of a difference in results between the two. Coconut water, niacinamides, egg yolk and whites (duh), and camu camu. It is a pretty thick mask but it stays in place, and my skin is super plump, even toned, and smooth afterwards. I keep trying other ones but nothing seems quite as good. Doesn't stop me from shopping around though! My close second is the Tony Moly Coconut mask, which is hard to find. Maybe my skin just likes coconut! "
"Edit: I love the Shiseido Pure Retinol Eye Mask for super smooth, firm undereyes! The Peter Thomas Roth 24k Gold Eye Patches are great too for depuffing and brightening. I usually face mask at night, and eye mask in the morning as needed. "
"Ohhh I keep seeing the egg cream in reviews lately, too! Oh man, THERE'S CAMU CAMU IN THERE?? 
  Haha I guess the ""pour coconut oil on it"" solution seems to have some truth to it then..  "
"I'm really glad this topic came up because I recently used some really nice sheet masks but like the idiot I am I forgot to write down the brand/name. Maybe this thread will jog my memory."
"Oh no! That's one of the reason I like ordering online, I can look back at my purchasing history because otherwise I'll definitely forget :')
  Let me know if you find it mentioned somewhere in here!"
"Thanks! I found a really good haul with lots of variety in TK Maxx. But I can't remember which of the masks were good and which were just average! I think a few were mentioned here, I'll take a look at the packaging on amazon and see."
"Awesome! Gotta love a good mask haul :')edit : or a good one with a few bad apples anyways.."
"i love the innisfree ones esp the rice and aloe ones! + theyre cheap"
"My boyfriend and I do masks together, so this will be a 2-in1 review :p I have normal-dry skin and my boyfriend has very dry skin that will break out in eczema if something doesn't agree with him. Our favourites are Dr Jart+ Vital Hydra Solution Sheet Mask and the The Face Shop Living Nature Grind Masks. The Dr Jart made our skin plump and hydrated and had plenty of essence but wasn't dripping.  The Face Shop ones have a lot of alcohol but both of our faces like them. They are a bit drippy though. We didn't like the Papa Recipe Bombee mask because they are sticky and when I went to apply my moisturisers on top it felt very silicony and everything started pilling up :( The worst one is a DIY one I made with Sana<U+00A0>Soy Milk Moisture Skin Lotion Super Rich and Hada Labo Gokujyun Lotion on those little Muji Face Lotion Sheets. My boyfriend's face hates Hyaluronic Acid apparently, and his face had eczema over both cheeks - I felt so guilty!! "
"I can't get my bf to do sheet masks with me :(( idk if it's the beard or what...
  Oh wow, you guys' skin can handle TFS???
  Haha it's funny, I think you're the only one that didn't like the Papa recipe bombee!
  Ayyyy you don't know until you try it! I'm sure masks will do his sensitive skin some good. How has it been turning out so far??"
":("
"Here is a picture of a kitten to cheer you up"
"One day...one day I'll convert him....IF IT KILLS MEedit: I've already started making him think more about putting on sunscreen so...halfway there :')"
"Oh, yeah my boyfriend reminds me when we haven't done one in a week but he likes to act like he doesn't want any for himself when I'm buying new ones :p I think because he struggles with his skin he's open to trying anything that offers more moisture :) I have loads more that we're waiting to try, the next one will be MediHeal White Hydrating Charcoal (for me and my SF's) and Vital Medica Hydra Soother Mask (for him). I don't understand how we can use the TFS ones without any ill effects either! They're not amazing but they'd be good for a once a day thing, they offer light hydration and make the skin soft and not tight :) Yeah, I don't understand the hype about the Papa Recipe Bombee, it smelled good and was hydrating but the essence was just so siliconey!! It's worth trying them though, YMMV :) The next DIY one we are going try will be with the Muji Sensitive Toner Light :)"
"Ohhhh I love mediheal's whitening charcoal one!! I usually buy it together with the charcoal pore mask.
  I'll see if I can find some in a physical store and buy just 1 instead of a box.
  You do DIY masks?"
"That sounds wonderful!
Yeah we do! You can buy dry face mask sheets in these little 'tablets' (they're usually in the 'beauty accessories' section on AB websites) that you soak in your own essence/lotion/toner. It's quite cost effective :)"
"Ughhhh but that sounds like a lot of effort thoooooo "
"My all-time favorite mask is definitely the Holika Holika Real Rose Hydrogel Mask! It smells great and the mask itself actually contains bits of rose petals :) The fit of the mask was perfect for me, and now I'm partial to two-part masks. The great thing about the two-part hydrogel masks is that there are no annoying little air bubbles/pockets/dried up parts on your mask after ~20 minutes. After using the mask my skin was really hydrated, firm, and smooth. The next morning I noticed that my skin was still pretty hydrated and quite a few of my breakouts had calmed down and were less visible. Would definitely recommend! One thing though is that I bought the one mask in-store for $8 and around the web I believe it's around $2-4 for one without shipping."
"Omg...that sounds amazing! Tbh I'm a huge sucker for gimmicks like that (actual bits of flower or gold flakes and all that good shit).
  That's true! I mean, it's kinda hard to get used to at first (the 2 parts and the new texture & weight) but it's def more hydrating.
  Hah not surprised! What store did you buy it from the first time? If you don't mind me asking."
"Hahas alright!(: thank you for all your advice though, will keep them in mind when I try!"
"[deleted]"
"Lindsay's remodelling mask?? I've never heard about that before!
  Still sounds worthy of being checked out though! Thanks for the tip :))"
":)"
"I am happy that you are happy. Spread the happiness around."
"This doggo demands it."
"OH MY GOODNESS :'DDD"
"For reference: I have dry skin easily irritated by fragrance. 
My favorite masks are:
1) Too Cool For School Egg Cream Mask Hydration. Niacinamide, Coconut extract, and Egg Yolk Extract! This is a heavier mask, very creamy and soothing. It feels like silk when you have it on, and my face looks awesome the next day 
2) JayJun Real Water Brightening Black Mask. This is a 3 in 1 mask, with a cleanser, emulsion, and sheet all in 1 pack. I was nervous to try it, but I was overwhelmed with how great it was. The mask also has  niacinamide, along with hyaluronic acid, allantoin, and adenosine. This was the first ever mask where I saw such a difference from just 1 use that I immediately bought a 10 pack. After struggling with PIH, this was my first real foray into niacinamide and its still my trusty go-to for clearing up marks fast.
3) I know Peach & Lily isn't a super beloved brand on here, but I have to say I am a fan of their (pricey $6) Drench + Nourish mask. I've only bought it twice but both times felt like real ~luxury~ and I saw great skin texture all week!
And then just a few masks that I didn't love/thought were overpriced/wouldn't rebuy:
-Mizon Enjoy Vital-Up Time Soothing Mask -broke me out, had a rash, not soothing haha
-Peach Slices Masks-was hoping this would be my 'cheaper' alternative to the Peach & Lily mask I like so much. Unfortunately, had red, irritating skin after. 
-Tosowoong Green Tea & Propolis- I saw a few good reviews for these masks here! I was excited to try them but they ended up just being 'meh'. I didn't see anything to rave about, and for $2 I'd rather buy my JayJun mask. "
"The Mediheal masks are also great! Those and the Tony Moly 'I'm real' line were my first sheet masks ever :)"
"Dr. Wu's Hydrating Capsule with Vitamin A sheet mask has been a godsend for combo-dry skin. I went to Taiwan back in early May and I picked up a box (only got one because they are pricey and I had spend a lot of money of L'herboflore masks already).  In hindsight, I should have gotten more of these and less of the L'herboflore masks.  The sheet material is amazing and it's the only mask that has actually covered my giant nose. "
"In terms of affordability, definitely a fan of Naruko masks. The Tea Tree charcoal mask has definitely helped with my breakouts. The smell is a bit strong at first but it fades away quick. I also like Job's Tears mask (though the smell makes me hungry for bread haha). I feel like I can't go back to Korean masks after this. "
"Oh my! Tea tree AND charcoal?? That sounds amazing, not gonna lie.
   Job's tears smell like bread?? hahaha
  Yeah, I've heard people before mention once they switched to Taiwanese masks there was no going back :P I have yet to see if that's true.."
"has anyone heard of Hapsode sheet mask?  I read about them on a French site (https://thetravelingcosmetics.com/2017/06/26/sheet-mask-masque-tissu-etude-house-innisfree-hapsode-photo-avis/) and they're apparently pretty good. affordable, and it looks like there's a pretty wide selection available."
"also: is it true you need to keep sheet masks (regardless of the brand) in the fridge?"
"I think you're supposed to keep them in a cool area but the fridge is usually for that extra freshness kick I think."
"especially if you live in a house without a/c, right?! "
"Definitely, but then again, depend if it's really warm where you live too. But if you're not sure you can keep them cool in any room you're probably better off living them in the fridge, I think.
  It's nice too when it's a warm night and you put a cool mask on your face, very relaxing!"
